but the staff was so horrible to us .
to be completely fair , the only redeeming factor was the food , which was above average , but could n't make up for all the other deficiencies of teodora .
the food is uniformly exceptional , with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating , whether it 's on the menu or not .
where gabriela personaly greets you and recommends you what to eat .
for those that go once and do n't enjoy it , all i can say is that they just do n't get it .
not only was the food outstanding , but the little perks were great .
it is very overpriced and not very tasty .
our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats .
the bagels have an outstanding taste with a terrific texture , both chewy yet not gummy .
they did not have mayonnaise , forgot our toast , left out ingredients ie cheese in an omelet , below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it .
it took half an hour to get our check , which was perfect since we could sit , have drinks and talk !
the design and atmosphere is just as good .
he has visited thailand and is quite expert on the cuisine .
i would definitely recommend mary 's and am making it one of my regular neighborhood haunts .
the pizza is the best if you like thin crusted pizza .
my girlfriend and i stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time !
he ca n't help , they 're bought up so fast .
secondly , on this night the place was overwhelmed by upper east side ladies perfume .
i have eaten here a handful of times , for no reason besides sheer convenience .
obviously run by folks who know a pie .
we were very disappointed .
it is definitely special and affordable .
i really liked this place .
i will be going back very soon .
all the money went into the interior decoration , none of it went to the chefs .
the seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches .
i asked for seltzer with lime , no ice .
it was pretty inexpensive too .
will not be back .
do n't go alone -- - even two people is n't enough for the whole experience , with pickles and a selection of meats and seafoods .
best of all is the warm vibe , the owner is super friendly and service is fast .
this is n't a value joint .
faan 's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery .
from the incredible food , to the warm atmosphere , to the friendly service , this downtown neighborhood spot does n't miss a beat .
the only other steakhouse that seems to hold a candle to roth 's is the strip house .
you 'll adore it .
two words , free wine .
the quantity is also very good , you will come out satisfied .
worth visiting the 1st ave spot because it is the original store .
i stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two fridays ago when i was with two friends in town from la being serious sushi lovers , we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action .
raga 's is a romantic , cozy restaurant .
the fried rice is amazing here .
it 's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food .
the place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious .
at the end you 're left with a mild broth with noodles that you can slurp out of a cup .
i just wonder how you can have such a delicious meal for such little money .
the food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach .
so garantuan that you ca n't fit them in a toaster .
ive been to many thai restaurants in manhattan before , and toons is by far the best thai food ive had except for my mom 's of course .
i highly recommend the sophia pizza .
whem asked , we had to ask more detailed questions so that we knew what the specials were .
nice atmosphere , the service was very pleasant and the desert was good .
all the people that i bring there go back on their own and bring their friends !
after really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner .
fabulous service , fantastic food , and a chilled out atmosphere and environment .
not what i wanted to hear .
try the lasagnette appetizer .
pricey , but worth a try , at least once .
i 've been there a few times , and i usually end up sitting next to some pretty odd people .
i liked the beer selection !
great food , good size menu , great service and an unpretensious setting .
go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience .
ca n't wait to go back .
wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top .
the menu is very limited , i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees .
if you are a carnivore , come hungry and you will leave more satisfied than you have ever been .
not too crazy about their sake martini .
the service varys from day to day sometimes they 're very nice , and sometimes not .
whoever the jazz duo was , they were on point .
one thing i liked about this place is that i never felt rushed or pressured to give up my table ot incoming guests .
this place is a great bargain .
we happened upon this place purely by accident and were pleased with the results .
unfortunately , the food is outstanding , but everything else about this restaurant is the pits .
deff recimmend bukhara they also have opened two new locations guess ill try them out .
we always have a delicious meal and always leave feeling satisfied .
dip the ingredients in with your chopsticks , swirl them around , and eat .
first went here to enjoy their garden terrace .
my husbands was perfect , my was well done and dry .
everyone i have spoken too there is super friendly , helpful , and willing to the extra mile for a customer .
the pizza was pretty good and huge .
sapphire is the only indian restaurant i go to when i 'm in nyc .
i heartily recommend .
heartland brewery is by far one of the best places in nyc to make new friends and catch up with old ones .
i almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and i would hate for it too become to crowded .
they are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service .
the atmosphere is unheralded , the service impecible , and the food magnifica n't .
we ordered the special , grilled branzino , that was so infused with bone , it was difficult to eat .
this place , which is only a few months old , is perhaps queens biggest secret !
it may be a bit packed on weekends , but the vibe is good and it is the best french food you will find in the area .
right off the l in brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza .
i 've never been treated so rudely .
le pere pinard has a $ 15 pre-theater menu that is outstanding .
i also order for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order .
our server checked on us maybe twice during the entire meal .
however , it is jus too good to not praise it .
the strong scents coming from the left and right of me negatively affected my taste buds .
we had the lobster sandwich and it was fantastic .
if you wrote a bad review , it 's because you do n't understand what rao 's is all about .
had we been stalling i could understand where they were coming from , but we had been there less than an hour and they had n't even brought us a check yet !
but overall i give it a 10
though the spider roll may look like a challenge to eat , with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll , it is well worth the price you pay for them .
deep fried skewers are good and still rare to find in nyc .
i have tried to make reservations , but both times , the hostess did n't have my name .
i also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee ( rice porridge ) .
their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for .
this was one of the best restaurants i 've ever been to .
this restaurant used to be pretty decent .
an oasis of refinement , food , though somewhat uneven , often reaches the pinnacles of new american fine cuisine , chef 's passion and kitchen 's precise execution is most evident in the fish dishes and soups .
if you love wine and cheese and delicious french fare , you 'll love artisanal !
i love indian food and consider myself to be quite an expert on it .
plenty of choices to make your own creation .
it was tiny and i felt like i was eating in someone 's living room .
i was there on sat .
overall a oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it
vt is what baby pizzas hope to be when they grow up .
from the terrible service , to the bland food , not to mention the unaccommodating managers , the overall experience was horrible .
lahore is a great place to duck into late-night when you need some really tasty food on the cheap - you 'll likely have trouble finishing the amount of food you get for four dollars .
nice restaurant overall , with classic upscale italian decor .
not impressed with the food .
the wine selection by the glass and bottle is wonderful and i always recommend that friends make a reservation if they 're going to be in town .
food is usually very good , though ocasionally i wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders .
other than the crappy service from two individuals , it 's great .
what more can you ask for ?
wondering who had the best deals we noticed a line had formed to wait for this one particular establishment .
they have authentic indian at amazin prices .
you are treated just like royality .
there 's nice and quiet , small but enough for 6 or more .
ambiance relaxed and stylish .
i 've never felt more unwelcome than last month at jimmy 's bronx cafe .
luckily we saved room for the bbq salmon , sea bass and crispy duck .
yes , they use fancy ingredients , but even fancy ingredients do n't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right .
looking from the outside in , one would hesitate to enter this hole in the wall really , that 's what it is .
and yes dal bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs .
i look forward to eating here again
i 've been coming here as a child and always come back for the taste .
tuk tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price .
a glass of leaping lizard , a glass of prosecco , and the mussels had everything happy .
food was average and creme brulee was awful , the sugar was charred , not caramelized and smelled of kerosene .
the food always tastes fresh and served promptly .
i know because i live nearby .
the pizza here is delicious .
my entire family was horrified .
on a monthly basis my friends and i get together and have a girls night out .
pizza and garlic knots are great as well , i order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick !
this place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a restaurant , the food .
hats off to the chef .
this should have been done in a back room , away from customers .
service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things the heavy , black , antique-seeming teapot , for one in the restaurant experience .
glad you have the luxury to throw out paying customers .
the pizza is delicious , they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap , frozen , shredded cheese common to most pizza 's .
service is friendly , and never had a problem walking in and getting a table .
the atmosphere was crowded but it was a great bistro-type vibe .
check it out
do n't go .
but they do .
what is even better , is that the prices are very affordable as well , and the food is really good .
the fish is fresh but the variety of fish is nothing out of ordinary .
look i do n't know if the people who wrote the reviews have ever been to a decent place please try someother places .
suan has challenged this loyalty .
our favorite meal is a pesto pizza , the house salad , and a good bottle of wine .
and kruno , the beverage manager is the best bartender i have yet to come across .
ambiance and music funky , which i enjoy .
the food , drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city .
it 's a really great deal , considering we got full off of four dollars .
i understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic , alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters , you come for the authentic foods , the tastes , the experiance .
my friends and i were on vacation in ny and was referred to chance by a friend .
last time i went here , the waitress did n't come back after taking our order .
try the tandoori salmon !
eating in , the atmosphere saves it , but at your desk , it 's a very disappointing experience .
granted the space is smaller than most , it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants .
we will return many times for this oasis in mid-town .
enjoy !
we were n't !
this is one of my favorite restaurants and it is not to be missed .
la rosa is connected by a swinging door to the mexican restaurant pacifico .
it could have been handled better .
the service was attentive and her suggestions of menu items was right on the mark .
the other night we had the $ 30 three course meal and everything was delicious , if i could of licked the plate clean i would of .
please be aware that it 's cash or amex only !
even after getting pushed out by the no-class famous ray 's , sal has risen again to carry on his father 's uncle 's legacies with a smile , true love for his community , and let 's not forget the outstanding pizza !
the environment is romantic , but the food is horrible , the service is pathetic , and gabriella lies about everything she could .
we had crawfish boiled and despite making a mess , it was a ton of fun and quite tasty as well .
i had very high expectations for this place and made a reservation a couple of months in advance for a special occasion .
what came to our table was burned beyond recognition and stringy .
i had the pad thai and the noodles were sticky .
so i 've never actually been to m proper , but i 've had it delivered a few times .
among all of the new 5th avenue restaurants , this offers by far one of the best values for your money .
the hostess is rude to the point of being offensive .
if you 're craving for haru 's great food , especially the house roll , but ca n't stand the wait building outisde , head across the street to their sake bar !
the food is great .
lunch came with pickels and slaw , no extra charge .
decent wine at reasonable prices .
all conveniently delivered right to the door .
even the wine by the glass was good .
nice family owned traditional restaurant .
would have rather tried terrace in the sky or water club for that price
okay service .
the only thing more wonderful than the food which is exceptional is the service .
we were very pleasantly surprised .
the food was just awful , atrocious actually .
i will never visit this restaurant again .
the soup for the udon was soy sauce and water .
or sister , in my case ! .
i 've eaten at many different indian restaurants .
we are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included , ceviche mix ( special ) , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .
try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggplant .
ok , so the servers wander around a little clueless , but there 's more than enough servers for the crowd they get - it 's fine , you just have to make a small effort to get their attention .
good luck getting a table .
we picked it randomly , without a recommendation from someone who has been there , so we were n't sure what to expect .
do n't look down your nose at me like that .
planet thai is great !
the service is awful .
just do n't do it .
just ignore the trendy wannabes .
the takeout menu says to keep an eye out for an expanded menu offering more italian dishes , i ca n't wait !
trust me , it will be great , and all of it will be devoured in no time .
my girlfiends and i ate at og again last night .
i wish they had one near my office i would go everyday .
finally !
i am not the most experienced person when it comes to thai food , but my friend who took me there is .
regardless of whether there are two people or two hundred people ahead of you the hostess will take your name and tell you five minutes .
the pizza is good though .
bottles of wine are cheap and good .
you will not be disapointed at all .
walk-ins are risky too .
they did n't give us the dinner special until we asked for it .
word of advice , save room for pasta dishes and never leave until you 've had the tiramisu .
very good service and very good prices .
i recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time .
the service was impeccable and unobtrusive - the staff knows what they are there to do - to know their menu , present your meal , and attend to your needs .
ess-a-bagel either by sty-town or midtown is by far the best bagel in ny .
our food was great too !
the most annoying thing , though , is the fact that the servers seem to be trained to drive revenue .
get your food to go , find a bench , and kick back with a plate of dumplings .
please try the filet mignon , its just the most tender piece ever .
everything we had was pretty good , but we have only been there once .
something about them being busy with holiday party 's .
the sake menu should not be overlooked !
i would highly recommend .
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8 pm .
i 've been back to nha trang literally a hundred times for the beef cubes , they 're that good .
with so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district , is truly an excellent find !
the service , wine selection , ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition .
went there last night for 2 year anniversery , and was n't all that impressed .
it was rather pathetic that it took them over an hour to seat us .
we were seated promptly as we had reservations , however after that the service was slow .
suan was a recommendation that i am glad we heeded .
the food was pretty good , but a little flavorless and the portions very small , including dessert .
we visit at least once a month .
it is set far from the small street it 's on , and there is no traffic noise .
also , the place is popular with families , so if you 're bothered by children running loose like wild animals , come later at night to avoid them .
i 'll keep this short .
i felt as though i were eating in paris .
lived in shanghai most of my life and thought the food was comparable to the flagship green bo restaurant there .
i highly recommend cafe st bart 's for their food , the ambience and wonderful service .
however , it 's not worth a special trip .
nice value .
gigino 's in wagner park is so enjoyable .
this is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates .
all the nyu students love this place so it makes for a fun young atmosphere .
the food here does a great service to the name cantonese that is .
but , nothing stands out about the cooking .
if that 's a problem , go to mcdonald 's and destroy your insides .
the prix fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough both in quantity and quality .
i 've been here 3 times for lunch and it is one of my favorites in the city .
i had their eggs benedict for brunch , which were the worst in my entire life , i tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was .
i work near-by , and they have the best oatmeal in the neighborhood not a packaged or quick-cooked item .
always busy but fast moving .
too bad the food was n't of the same heritage .
the menu looked good , except for offering the chilean sea bass , but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside .
sexy .
based on the reviews for dinner , this is a place i would reconsider revisiting for that , but definitely not for dim sum again .
it costs $ 2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll , but the roll more than triples in size , and that 's not just from the rice .
even with john 's and joe 's around the corner , this place will make a name for itself .
it melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishy , creamy , and slightly buttery .
my girlfriend convinced me to go in the other night for a quick bite .
the dim sum is ok but does n't taste that fresh , and the little dishes do n't look steamy hot as they should also note lack of chinese here .
despite the untasteful previous review .
do n't judge this place prima facie , you have to try it to believe it , a home away from home for the literate heart .
sure , everyone 's got their favorite , but to know sal , is to know new york .
i think that it is absolutely brilliant and well runned business operation .
also they were $ 15 each !
the service is ok , some of the people did n't get what they asked for .
my friends spoke so much about it for months , i finally made the time to come down ear and dine in .
if you want good authentic thai this place is not the place to go .
i recommend getting a reservation even though we saw people seated without one .
the only thing i moderately enjoyed was their grilled chicken special with edamame puree .
this is as good as neighborhood restaurants come .
if you want some roast duck , pork or chicken on rice with ginger , try them out !
you order from a menu , so you leave feeling like you missed the full experience .
one of the more authentic shanghainese restaurants in the us definitely the best in manhattan chinatown .
we love th pink pony .
so eat fast and order a lot .
staff is very accomodating .
-- eat club is a roving group of nyc gluttons
i went to del frisco 's friday night with my boyfriend for an 8 , 00 reservation .
if you like sakagura but you feel it 's too much , you 'd better try yokocho .
yourself a favor and have dinner here and see if you do n't agree with me .
you ca n't go wrong with this place .
very popular style izakaya sake and small portion of sake-friendly dishes .
hurley 's is like cheers where everyone knows your name and they are actually glad you came .
the food was terrific and the service classy , attentive , without being overbearing .
this is an amazing place to try some roti rolls .
we have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip , and the food was delivered quickly , but we live only a few minutes walk from them .
quick and friendly service .
authentic bistro !
somewhat pricey but what the heck .
it 's true , this place is not cheap .
try the hot dogs too , they 're snappy and delicious .
delivery is fast too .
being from the south , there are n't any good delis in my area and while watching foods across america on pbs i found out about katz 's deli .
personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights .
highly recommended is the spicy fried clam rolls and spider rolls .
it 's convenient .
the atmosphere is great if your looking for a laid back scene and an inexpensive way to spend a weekend afternoon .
oh right , i should probably say something nice .
instead of wasting your time here , support restaurants that care about food .
this is can became on e of the ny italian food fare institutions .
just got back from lunch at tamarind and it was excellent .
the man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7 , then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving mean while there were boths open all around .
try the cheesecake !
as we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were .
david , daytona beach , fl
perhaps .
great indian food and the service is incredible .
go here .
if you are in the area try the bagel shoppe on 74th street which is 3 blocks away on 2nd ave .
rosario 's is without a doubt one of the greatest pizzerias in existence .
decor is nice and minimalist , food simple yet very well presented and cooked , and the wine list matches the food very well .
we ordered a tuna melt , it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich .
especially liked chicken tikka and the naan , and the dals .
the waiters were not attentive except that the bill turned up on the table before we were finished .
my wife and i always enjoy the young , not always well trained but nevertheless friendly , staff , all of whom have a story .
we generally like good restaurants and eat out often but kai was way to expensive for what we got .
what a great place .
the sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day .
for the people who want great food plus great service , roxy is a place to avoid !
ive been here a bunch of times now and the service is always outstanding .
the bill is approximately $ 25 for 2 at lunch without drinks .
quite frankly , this is some of the worst sushi i have ever tried .
the overall price tag was very very expensive , something i did expect .
spice is great thai food , love the inexpensive appetizers .
read all the other review , they 'll confirm it .
even after they overcharged me the last time i was there .
the service was attentive .
he not only makes his own homemade mozzarella , but every pie is ultra fresh .
fish was overdone .
great idea and base for restaurant , but work on the details , people who think this was good need to go back to the shore towns and rethink what it should have tasted like .
i have been twice to this restaurant .
also make sure you pay attention to the music being piped in , quite a weird selection .
the rest of the dim sum , though pricey by chinatown standards , is worth it .
good food .
the wait staff is very friendly , if not overly efficient .
surprisingly nothing could be further from the truth .
the dim sum however was very good .
it 's better than being on the roof of sutton place with 19 year old interns jabbing you in the ribs all night .
service has always been friendly and efficient .
went there and had a combination of different seafood dishes and appetizers .
its a great place for a casual date or to entertain clients for lunch .
all we received was an apology as we left to see our show without dinner .
the table next to us asked if he crushed the grapes himself when their long overdue bottle of wine finally arrived .
prices are very good .
we could not catch our waiter 's eye , and he ignored us .
fantastic place .
plain and simple it 's bad thai food .
definitely not a restaurant to skip !
while certain staples are excellent the burger , some of the pastas , the food is not really the point .
the dim sum was so-so , but not spectacular .
the food was so-so .
the place is larger than most and features adequate seating unlike most joints , and has a bar which deserves a mention .
threw my fiance 's surprise 30th birthday dinner here could n't be happier .
you can do it here .
food .
good music , great food , speedy service affordable prices .
the lobster sandwich is $ 24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price .
may , the owner always has a smile on her and will warmly greet you .
i just read mocaramel 's review and felt compelled to respond .
the sides were ok and incredibly salty .
it hits the spot every time
for some reason , all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the salmon .
not a large place , but it 's cute and cozy .
do n't be fooled by crowds of people .
and there 's no way out .
the beverages were excellent , and the dessert was good .
the hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out .
next time , we would n't dare ordering anything else other than some simple asian appetizers and drinks .
please if your thinking about it go , and stay the wait you wo n't be disappointed .
i must say the view of nyc is so beautiful !
if you 'd like to have a nice light meal with an asian accent , long tan is a good place on the slope .
when going out for a nice dinner , i like a nice ambiance as well as very good food .
for all you lazy folks that do n't want to come to alphabet city , i say , good , stay out .
highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service .
this place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service .
this is my fourth try over a two year period , and i 'm done .
the food is awesome , definitely try the striped bass .
the music does get a little loud at times , but it just made me want to lean closer to my beautiful wife , and as i did , i got a whiff of corriander .
it 's simply the best meal in nyc .
probably would not go again .
after passing by this restaurant for sometime i finally decided to go in and have dinner .
i ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken .
we go on mondays for the prix fixe and our experience with the food has been comparable to blue ribbon .
tuk tuk is my second favorite neighborhood thai place the first being joya .
this is some really good , inexpensive sushi .
my personal favorite is an everything bagel with lox spread , but all the bagles are unbeliavably good .
i would n't even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy , too .
the pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in nyc .
for $ 600 the most we have ever paid not even waving a magic wand will ever get us back for a repeat performance .
the waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal .
terrible , terrible management , deserves to be shut-down .
great friendly service , fast seating , fast delivery , excellent sushi .
the desserts are more appealing then stuffy overpriced french restaurants .
as many other reviewers noticed , your order is often slow to arrive , this is particularly true in the evening but is not a problem during lunch time .
i found the food to be outstanding , particulary the salmon dish i had .
the new york times has reviewed this place three times already , you know it 's going to be good .
baluchi 's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices .
emilio , the owner , is often sitting in the front table greeting guests as they come and go .
i have been to spice three times twice during lunch and once at dinner .
moules were excellent , lobster ravioli was very salty !
i came to this restaurant expecting to be surprised but left bored and overcharged .
a cheap eat for nyc , but not for dosa .
the seafood is amazing , there 's a good wine list , and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises .
pastrami or corned beef are juicy and piled high ask for extra rye bread .
really though , where 's the seasoning ?
the food was just ok , at least for what food was available .
by dinner time , they turn it around and mount a huge comeback ! !
the waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal !
solid wine list , knowledgeable staff , friendly owners and an adventurous , ever-changing menu keep us coming back .
the people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in new york sometimes .
we did n't even see a menu , as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes .
the location and ambience is ok but the food is what makes up for it .
otherwise , good stuff for late nite eats .
the dinner was ok , nothing i would have again .
it is thick and slightly soggy .
its not the same if you have to sit inside .
i love and i know gourmet food by excellence !
i plan to come here again and look forward to trying their assortment of bruschetta , panini 's .
two people in our party felt like something else , and volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu .
he offers subpar service and has no personality .
the waitress remembers me and is very friendly , she knows what my regular is and that 's the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd .
i 'm going back .
diner food at bistro prices is a bummer .
wow ! how have i missed this one , tried long tan last week for the first time and now know what the ny times and many more in the neighborhood already knew .
go there on an empty stomach and leave feeling like a baby veal calfok bad joke , but you will see .
while we thoroughly enjoyed the food , it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation .
me and my girls will definitely go back .
the portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter .
delicious bagels , especially when right out of the oven .
ive passed by the spot tons of times always wanting to go in .
have been several times and it never dissapoints .
our server was very helpful and friendly .
try green curry with vegetables .
would recommend this place as a good date spot if you do n't want to drop a ton of cash .
while i 'm not sure that this happens all the time-this is the kind of treatment that buys repeat business !
first of all , this place is * not * romantic , as claimed by citysearch 's editorial review .
the second you walk through the heavy vault like door , with people anticipating your arrival you get the sense that you are going to have the dining ride of a lifetime .
much more reasonably priced too !
if you venture off the island of manhattan and ca n't seem to find a great italian restaurant , drive to corona .
the food was not very tasty , the portioins were tiny even for such a high quality restaurant .
my friend from milan and myself were pleasantly surprised when we arrived and everyone spoke italian .
why make a reservation if you are n't going to keep it ?
the pad thai is excellent here , as well .
big and gawky on the outside .
i have been to mary 's many times and i like it .
searching to get out from the cold , freezing weather , we went into what we thought was a deli .
i do not recommend lunch specials just because it tasts the same with other regular chinese restaurant .
highly recommended ! ! ! ! !
this is the best thing in soho .
went here last night and had a pleasant experience .
we parked on the block of nina 's the place looked nice , with people obviously enjoying their pizzas .
i came here with my boyfriend for our anniversary because it was highly recommended to him by a friend .
for $ 760 for 2 people , it 's a once in a lifetime experience .
we had the pot-stickers which were great and a tempura dish that was great .
i think the stuff was better than disney .
after reading the good reviews of this restaurant , i decided to give it a try with two friends .
while the $ 20 entree range is not overly expensive , in new york city , there is definitely better food in that range , and so sapphire , despite it 's lovely atmosphere , will most likely not be a restaurant to which i will return .
orsay , is without a doubt one of the best values for authentic french food in nyc .
i had been searching really hard for a restaurant in new york where i could really feel unwanted and ignored and i finally found it !
it 's definately not a place to go if you want to impress someone .
well , their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold .
wonderful at holiday time .
i ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor .
we went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a saturday , and i was thoroughly impressed with the food .
i recommend the garlic shrimp , okra ( bindi ) , and anything with lamb .
as a japanese native , i 've lived in the tristate area for over 8 years , but i was just so amazed at this place .
as we were leaving , the couple standing by the door said to another waiter , we 're not in a hurry .
the menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger , to steak , to escargot .
in fact , two people could really share one plate .
the food is great and authentic .
this was a repeat visit and we 'll definitely be back again .
during happy hour !
good for casual dinner with jeans and sneakers .
love yuka .
anyway , the food is good , the price is right and they have a decent wine list .
go , go , hurry , before everyone finds out about it .
prices are higher to dine in and their chicken tikka marsala is quite good .
i am bringing my whole family back next time .
the food was lousy , too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny .
but the coconut rice was good .
it took them 25 minutes to bring our appetizer .
a guaranteeed delight !
i have been coming to this neighborhood spot for years .
overall i would recommend it and go back again .
the food was great .
pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list .
if you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you 'll love it here .
all of my co-workers stated that the food was amazing and wondered why they had n't heard about this place .
anyway , this is the last time i cross the williamsburg .
metrazur has a beautiful spot overlooking the main terminal .
the restaurant is rather small but we were lucky to get a table quickly .
besides , we were on vacation !
i love this cozy around the way rest .
quality of food is excellent and price is cheap , stick to pork , fish , chicken , lamb and vegetables .
do n't leave without trying one night in tokyo .
save yourself the time and trouble and skip this one !
the place is a little tight and on a cold day , the seating by the entranceway can be pretty drafty .
the food is fresh , delicious , and reasonably priced .
raga stands out with an interesting fusion of french and indian cooking .
the bagels are fabulous .
oh yes , and they lie on the phone , claiming they have seating in the garden , then of course the seats are not available .
although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat .
the food was very good , a great deal , and the place its self was great .
the food options rule .
anybody who likes this place must be from a different planet , where greasy , dry and tasteless are complimentary .
we ate here in march , 2006 and ordered the pre-theatre 3-course dinner with wine flight .
definately check it out ! ! !
probably much busier for lunch , it 's seldom crowded for dinner too close to downtown .
their calzones are horrific , bad , vomit-inducing , yuck .
it takes forever to get a drink and they almost always forget to bring something although they do n't forget to charge you for it .
the place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening .
saturday , nov 6th i had a group from work come in with about 35 people and the staff was amazing to accomodate us .
good spreads , great beverage selections and bagels really tasty .
first , the waiter who served us neglected to fill us in on the specials , which i would have chosen had i known about them .
we will be back .
also , top the meal with a delicious and perfect slice of tiramisu .
it seems like this is a place the locals like and the people working here liked it too .
check out the secret back room .
it 's also attached to angel 's share , which is a cool , more romantic bar .
authentic food and they have real service , not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door .
stick to the gulab jamun .
i am amazed by the poor reviews i find this place to be standout italian in an area flooded with italian great prices , great atmosphere , good service and a wonderful wine list .
i was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again .
with the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room .
i was a little leary about mary 's at first , it 's small , crowded and you usually have to wait on line , but i 'm glad i finally tried it .
we were not dissappointed in the least bit by this little gem .
also very inexpensive .
i got enough reasons to keep coming back ! ! !
by far this is the only chinese desserts place i know in ny or anywhere close in the northeastern america that serves desserts with frog jelly in a couple of varieties and pig feet ginger simmered in black vinegar .
the characters really make for an enjoyable experience .
i would definitely recommend sea if you like thai cuisine !
my husband said he could 've eaten several more , the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had .
it is the type of place to run into old friends and have a late , raucus dinner .
the food is delicious , from the specials to the regular menu-fare , the dishes are never a disappointment .
the combination of fresh tomato sauce , fresh mozz cheese , basil and the dough they make with imported flour , makes this is one of the better pizza 's in ny .
the food is prepared quickly and efficiently .
and for this i had to shell out a small fortune ?
for all of you new to indian food , try the paneer roll , it is a piece of heaven .
the food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates .
both the fresh mozzerella slices and the plain cheese slice are phenomenal .
i have tried literally every restaurant on curry row .
the food is terrible and overall , i would have to say avoid at all costs .
i 've been to this monster sushi twice , the 46th st once , the 23rd st one a number of times .
unfortunately , the food was not something to get worked up about .
it 's constantly open , catering to the pakistani cabbies lined up on crosby st , so there 's more turnover with the food than you 'd expect ie , surprisingly fresh .
i had filet mignon with garlic mash .
i went at 6 , 00 pm specifically for the pre-theater menu $ 1995 for roasted tomato soup with chevre , steak frites , creme brulee and it was marvelous .
the waitstaff were attentive , polite and helpful , an impressive feat in such close quarters .
go inside and you wo n't want to leave .
i loving bringing friends here , and i do so every chance i get .
the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more , the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes , however be warned that the peter 's favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top , like a salad .
yes , the prices are high , but i felt it was worth it .
the large selection of bruschettas , paninis , tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating .
have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful , despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners .
while this is n't classical restaurant fare , the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn-outs .
he takes real pride in his food and his business .
every time in new york i make it a point to visit restaurant saul on smith street .
so if you want a nice , enjoyable meal at montparnasse , go early for the pre-theater prix-fixe .
over the years , it has always provided a pleasurable dining experience with quality food and wine .
i would go back tho .
the photobook menu was a cute touch , certainly helped my group and i pick the fried chicken , pork chop , and noodle dishes that we all ordered .
too large for just two people but nothing was left .
i can not imagine better indian food in all of the city .
a pleasant surprise .
if you do n't mind all that noise then go to the chart house .
we got most of it back at home with us .
get there before 7 pm .
if this happens , just ask for real naan .
we were fans of the half-price saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit .
so , if yo really do n't care who is sittingnext to you , which is about 2 inches away , i would say try it .
pizza is terrific , as is homemade pasta .
definitely a neighborhood favorite .
this is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money .
my first encounter happened one friday evening with a friend .
example is the soup which was about 6 oz for $ 12 dollars and the mushrooms where $ 12 for about 1oz .
there are other people waiting !
ou must try this restaurant .
we left , never to return .
my goodness , everything from the fish to the rice to the seaweed was absolutely amazing .
this place started off a little iffy , but is now one of my favorite indian restaurants in nyc and i 'm indian , so i should know .
they also do a great job for restaurant week .
the dishes offered were unique , very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages , sardines with biscuits , large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream the best and freshest i 've ever had .
this is where the aforementioned line was .
the food is reliable and the price is moderate .
aside from the bearded , courdoroy blazer professor type with the nyu student he 's sleeping with that week , you see a strange mix of hipsters , frat boys , will smith types who need to be told they are black , bitter cougars who ca n't understand why they arent married yet .
while the ambiance and atmosphere were great , the food and service could have been a lot better .
we always go there on the weekends and leave extremely full and satisfied .
i do n't how this place is still running .
the server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile .
we were in search of food and stumbled on this block of indian restaurants on east sixth street .
very excited to hear that short-term chef jason narone has moved on , he truly was a low point of their sterling track record .
excellent experience .
well worth the trip , close to city hall and downtown subway stops .
what more could you want ?
if you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained , this is a great place to go and eat .
all in all , i do n't see how you can go wrong .
the sauce on the pizza is sooo good with garlic and fresh tomatoes and they do n't skimp .
we recently decided to try this location , and to our delight , they have outdoor seating , perfect since i had my yorkie with me .
my husband had the mesclun , salmon , and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses .
we were told that the wait was about twenty minutes and there would be no problem for our 8 , 00 pm curtain call .
super friendly and knowledgable staff , fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz the chilaquiles were awesome !
the prices were fantastic .
what a great place !
still , any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house .
the table service could have been a little more attentive but as someone who also works in the service industry , i understood they were busy .
it 's not mind-blowing , but to me , thai food never is and never will be .
food was very good as well , considering that we tried the budget selection though i wish the pork belly that i ordered was roasted a bit longer , so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience .
i 've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine , if not good .
i love the fact that the pizza tastes so good and is so cheap .
nicky the nose at the bar is a treat .
i 'm amazed we have n't been kicked out of this place yet .
i have n't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that , the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil .
the sushi was awful !
katz 's has been a nyc original for over 100 years .
you can get an excellent meal at most of the many indian restaurants on nearby lexington avenue for the cost of one the dainty dishes here .
the pastrami sandwich was like buttah and with pickles and an icy cold beer to wash it down , it was a pleasurable experience .
late nite omelletes are not good here , there is no variety !
everything at sala thai is tasty and well-portioned .
it 's a great place to pick up a cheap lunch or dinner .
great find ! ! !
if only they delivered , they 'd make a mint !
whenever you need a sushi fix , mizu will be there with quality fish and great service .
our waitress was sweet and accomodating , not overbearing .
went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them .
i was really disappointed ant wanted to tell everyone not to go eat or even take out food from there .
despite a slightly limited menu , everything prepared is done to perfection , ultra fresh and a work of food art .
the outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful .
a large is $ 20 , and toppings are about $ 3 each .
in any event , this is a place i 'll be sure to stop by again when i 'm in this part of town .
brick oven gallery is my pick for best pizza restaurant anywhere .
add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening .
for many people , this may not seem like aunthentic thai food because most places in nyc arent quite authentic .
growing up in ny , i have eaten my share of bagels .
a hearty two thumbs up !
the scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary .
all the appetizers and salads were fabulous , the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious ! ! !
besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated , we were served dishes we had n't ordered three times , received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served and that order was undercooked , and charged $ 45 more than we should have been on our bill .
the food now is inconsistent .
all pretty good .
you guys rock .
chance is a joke .
i was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer .
be careful before you request extra spice .
the octopus eaters were floored by the octopus salad .
we thought that this place is using too much of msg cooking in the foods .
and the tom kha soup was pathetic .
i started out with a bombay beer which was big enough for two .
the decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall , which are great for a date .
service was quick .
tends to turn people away .
we thought this a prelude to what the evening will be like .
i was turned on to this restaurant by a fellow foodie friend of mine , and have been going back regularly ever since .
drawbacks , service is slow and they do n't toast !
went there for an office lunch .
i have been doing all of the above at the heartland brewery for over 5 years now and i have never been disappointed !
everytime i decide to try another place on the ues , i get angry that i did n't just go to zucchero pomodori .
the sweet lassi was excellent as was the lamb chettinad and the garlic naan but the rasamalai was forgettable .
we 've been following chef lyle 's food around new york for 15 years and while remaining classic , his innovations with bistro fare have made us return and return .
the best thing i tasted were the lambchops .
it 's delicious !
the spicy tuna and salmon are the best we 've ever had .
even though its good seafood , the prices are too high .
in addition , the food is very good and the prices are reasonable .
upon entering , we were greeted by the owners , steven and frederick , who went out of their way to be more than gracious hosts .
if you live outside the neighborhood , do n't bother !
been going here since it opened have seen the quality value decrease considerably .
meat dishes now adorn the selections , although there 's still a large number of vegetarian-friendly choices .
i never had anything i did n't like here .
reasonable prices .
they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration .
try the crunchy tuna , it is to die for .
it wo n't break the bank but i also would n't come back for the food .
all in all , this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city .
so rushing us out was absolutely unnecessary !
however it is the only taiwanese restaurant in town .
if you 're looking for perfect traditional sushi , go here , if you 're looking for interesting combinations , try sushi of gari 's east side .
no refills on fountain drinks , though .
wow over 100 beers to choose from .
be careful of portions , they 're huge .
the steak tartare is a great bet , they fix it for you at the table .
my first time there i happened not to like the crab croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal .
great for large groups and celebrations , our super happy waiter was the entertainment of the evening .
did i mention the wine ?
plus , on wednesday nights the house wine is unlimited !
it is by far my favorite restaurant in brooklyn .
now it 's so crowded and loud you ca n't even talk to the person next to you .
love pizza 33 .
even my indian friend could n't believe how good and tasty everything was .
i 'm from england , and haru 's was the best i had in nyc .
ruby foo 's is a tourist trap .
i 've been here a couple of times and have not been impressed .
i 've been many time and have never been disappointed .
ciao bella
like saying her bread comes from a special bakery when we have seen her buying it dowtown manhathan .
however , in the summer of 2003 , it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup .
it 's a much more grown up restaurant compared to the rest of the street .
barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist , as if poached , yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning , a spice rub might have overwhelmed , however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance .
we were treated with attitude ever since the moment we stepped into the restaurant !
after dinner , take your date to the huge dance floor , probably one of the biggest you 'll see in ny .
taj mahal offeres gret value and great food .
my boyfriend and i recently had an early dinner at artisanal and was satisfied with our experience .
i absolutely loved this place .
i wish i lived there as i would eat at this place as often as possible !
but do n't ever order bacon late at nite either platter or in sandwiches , for that matter do n't from any take out place as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos , hurt my molars .
outstanding bagels , but you get what you pay for .
pizza , the only pizza in nyc that should not have additional toppings , the crust tastes like the best , freshly baked bread !
if you 're in town , it 's worth searching for another place .
i have tried the various slice joints around the village but this is by far the best one .
i found it on a cold night , the perfect spot to warm up .
they even have a section in the menu called american chinese food !
service was warm and attentive , beef carpaachio was exellent huge portion and pasta was fresh and well-prepared .
kalbi and nebbiolo do work together .
best italian food i ever had and being italian , that means alot .
i will recommend scopa to all of my friends for a place to go for wonderful italian food .
this restaurant is not worth the time , effort , or money to say the least .
looking around , i saw a room full of new yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant , not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen .
keep up the good work guys !
took my sister here before attending a show one evening .
we were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order .
i really loved the different and inovated touch that 's the cheff gives to the food .
our friends have not arrived yet .
they came out over cooked and the cheese was almost non existant .
i had a terrific meal , and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range , instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that was n't as good .
the svc can be a bit rude at times , esp if you have big group , but overall the restaurant is a must !
my husband and i thougt it would be great to go to the jekyll and hyde pub for our anniversary , and to our surprise it was fantastic .
never once did i leave feeling unwelcome or impressed .
the food is good , especially their more basic dishes , and the drinks are delicious .
but the main hit was the whole grilled fish .
i had the tuna tartare with sake , mushroom ravioli with pinot noir , and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $ 49 .
on a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch .
the food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service .
i usually go there later at night when i get off work so i do n't have to deal with crowds or lines .
pizza here is consistently good .
we had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for .
would n't recomend it for dinner !
sauce was watery and the food did n't have much flavor .
but after last night , spice grill is the only place i 'm eating indian cuisine .
we both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh .
first the wrong bread came out with the appetizer , then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course .
not sure where the previous reviewer , lonk , dined , but saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food !
tell them herky sent you and get a free confused look from the waiter .
make reservations but expect to be delayed 15-20 minutes as the hosting staff was having difficulty seating guests who arrived with a reservation because they probably had a lot of walk ins being so close to time square .
the food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes .
they do n't seem to place an emphasis on specials or fresh ingredients which to me is necessary for good thai .
the noodle and rices dishes taste great .
the food 's as good as ever .
the crust is thin , the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly .
your friends will thank you for introducing them to this gem !
also a little more expensive than your average bagel place .
the food was undercooked-the sauce watery , and the vegetables raw .
and the fried clams had just enough kick to them to make em worth eating .
the sauces used are also not that exciting .
the secret is the lunch menu which offers a complimentary appetizer with every entree ordered .
i absolutely love this place ! ! !
the rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard .
we had champagne and caviar and felt like princesses !
the shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful .
i am surprised to say the least and find such practice not worth the effort .
when my dessert came , there was a candle in it , not because anyone asked for one , but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift , and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort .
there are other vietnamese restaurants in the chinatown area and you can forget about those .
there is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times .
if it 's just a quick martini at the bar which i recommend jeffery 's or a mind blowing roast chicken , go to village !
no thanks ! ! !
the prices are wonderfully low .
i love this place !
i have never been disappointed but their true strength lays in their amazingly delicious and cheap lunch specials .
so much more than the usual bar food , go there to enjoy the menu while sampling one of their hand-crafted beers .
a big disappointment , all around .
no free drink .
i would say that all was fine and tasty but the heaviness on my stomach someting that i ca n't not mention or undermine .
this is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent .
while they keep the capex to a minimum , they do put some cash into the bagels , because they among the best in the city .
i had a huge group for my birthday and we were well taken care of .
they also have a back garden open in the summer , cute and french with outdoor seating , what more could you ask for ?
go to any corned indian restaurant , and the little india strip along east 6 st rules supreme !
i have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri .
given the incredible architecture surrounding it , this place has no character .
i 'd call it an italian dinner ' .
my first time here was with my gf for our 12 month anniversary .
while the place is not a hotspot hangout , the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck .
i have walked by this place for eons and finally went thanks to a girls night .
have frequented ino for several years and the food remains excellent .
their eggplant is so delicate , sweet tender !
i pray it stays open forever .
each bite of food at kai was indeed delicious , fresh , and elegant .
all the food was excellent , considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it .
if you want to save some money , do n't go here .
my friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better .
i had the cod with paella spicy and very filling , i 'm a big eater and could only eat half while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips again , a big serving , at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries .
it 's a shame that a nice , convenient place like the pink pony can be so ruined by lousy service .
this is the first time citysearch did ' t call it right .
you should pass on the calamari .
the porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless , so was the seafood tagliatelle .
try the spicy wontons and the salt pepper shrimps .
the food portions are really large .
the fries are yummy .
best taiwanese food in ny !
i have eaten at many pizza places around nyc and this is hands down the worst .
this place is a great stop for great food .
all the pastas are fantastic and the homemade lasagna is some of the best that i have had in the city .
what for ?
they were dry and disgusting , i did n't even finish my first piece .
highly recommended for a first date .
we laughed when he finally offered us a dessert menu and we left a 10 percent tip , which was generous , i feel .
and the prices were way to high for what you get .
but people from sichuan will die for it , chongqing hot pot , chongqing was the biggest city of sichuan , now became an independent province .
skip baroanda down the street eurotrashy , snooty and expensive and check this place out !
skip this location and go to the one in soho .
the staff ignored my friends and i the entire time we were there .
yet paired with such rude service , would never recommend for anyone interested in carrying any kind of conversation while there .
i went to areo on a sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends , and spent three enjoyable hours there .
the in-house lady dj on saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music , and moreover , takes requests .
i need at least three rolls to be full , and that 's at least $ 1400 ! .
anyone who ever dined at a thai restaurant is in for a huge disappointment .
great wine list , reasonably priced -- sara .
the hot dogs were cold in the middle and the buns were stale .
while the food was excellent , it was n't cheap though not extremely expensive either .
beef noodle soup is good as well .
i was so sad to read the bad reviews this place got !
the food 's dazzling flavors overwhelm the palate , truly embracing the beauty of authentic thai cuisine .
i recieved prompt service with a smile .
they pray to their food gods to make them into a good pizza like vt 's .
the place was quiet and delightful .
molto bene !
the best i 've found outside of the chinatown masters .
they are amazing !
a must try !
as much as i like the food there , i ca n't bring myself to go back .
the prices and ambience are especially great considering it 's in the west village .
the soup is pretty good too .
it is so easy to get a reservation at a top place in nyc with a week 's notice .
i have never better enjoyed humble root vegetables or a mushroom consomme , and this chef accomplishes without fats .
if you go to roth 's try to be served by mike , he is great ! !
based on a visit a month ago , i returned the week before christmas and was hugely disappointed .
went here on a friend 's reccomendation .
not the food , not the ambiance , not the service , i agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
i love ess-a-bagel , but i live on the west side , so i often go to murray 's for convenience .
i always get the shabu-shabu dinner and the beef is always fresh .
the pizza was delivered cold and the cheese was n't even fully melted !
we were very surprised by how good the food was on our first visit here on a sunday night .
on the other hand , if you are not fooled easily , you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with alain ducasse , and food that will outshine in presentaion , taste , choice , quality and quantity .
we will definitely go back .
is just the way it was in days gone by .
if i could rate the people this place would be off the charts , unfortunately , the pizza , sorry , not the best in nyc .
the food is amazing ! ! ! !
having not been home in the last 2 years may skew this reviewer a bit , but the food was tasty and spicy sans the oil that comes floating along at similar venues .
for the price , you can not eat this well in manhattan .
the owner is very friendly and a great guy , go try his pizza , you 'll like it !
the atmosphere is great ! ! !
it can be a very fun experience with a group , and kids 6 and over would love it .
with so many good restaurants on the uws , i do n't need overpriced food , absurdly arrogant wait-staff who do n't recognize they work at a glorified diner , clumsy service , and management that does n't care .
i tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin , which was heavenly at sushi rose .
the service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives .
the bruscetta is a bit soggy , but the salads were fresh , included a nice mix of greens not iceberg all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen .
and evaluated on those terms pastis is simply wonderful .
the atmosphere is n't the greatest , but i suppose that 's how they keep the prices down .
the pickles were great addition .
if your favorite chinese food is general tao chicken , then this is not your place .
you must try the shrimp appetizers .
filled with suits , though , so you never really feel terribly comfortable .
the production is a symphony , alot of fun to experiencethe food sublime for the most part .
waiters tend to forget drinks completely , food portions are so tiny , two people have trouble sharing one entree .
my wife and i have been going to nyc for years and would n't miss roxy , s food is expensive but it 's new york !
it 's like you are transported to the italian countryside , very romantic and filled with antiques .
the cold appetizer dishes taste like the way i remember them to taste when i was growing up in taiwan .
just go and see for yourself .
the restaurant was packed at first , so we waited at the bar for about 20 minutes before we were seated .
interesting selection , good wines , service fine , fun decor .
i hate this .
that place was awesome , , , sally !
the food at this place is ' gourmet ' indian cuisine .
finally a reliable chinese restaurant !
get over it !
but the thing that my wife and i hated was it was so loud and it felt like bar or pub ' .
however , it just so happens that there 's an even more amazing place just down the street .
priced at upper intermediate range .
the fish was adequate , but inexpertly sliced .
if you live in new york city , you 'll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount .
try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel .
so my husband made up an excuse so we can leave .
it 's very spicy but not offensive .
i do n't know who they think they are but they have no respect for the residents of the neighborhood ever since they opened their cabaret next door and blasts loud music till three in the morning every weekend during the summer .
the rice to fish ration was also good -- they did n't try to overpack the rice .
they used shredded cheese on top !
they are located in the middle of chinatown !
the food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices .
eating at ottimo is like eating in chef salvatore esposito 's home .
katz 's deli is a great ny experience .
check it out .
the only positive was the wait staff , which was prompt , knowledgable , and likeable .
i could n't reccommend their godmother pizza any higher .
i am not a vegetarian but , almost all the dishes were great .
i was very impressed by this low-key upper eastsider and their authentically thai cuisine ! ! !
i would go again if i did n't have to pay .
for the location , the prices are very reasonable .
the food is okay and the prices here are mediocre .
my friend 's food was also the complete opposite of what it 's supposed to taste like and look like .
i ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime .
we have been to this place many times , and always have great food , wine , and service .
hopefully next time , i will save room for dessert .
alain ducasse is the best of everything , i mean everything was excelenti .
not a typical pizza joint , but good for a low key and fairly cheap nice sit down dinner .
the corned beef was tender and melted in my mouth .
the best chicken pad tai , i 've ever had .
we were n't even at our table for more than an hour total .
it has been my first choice ever since i discovered it .
over 100 different choices to create your own .
haru serves very fresh fish , has a trendy , modern ambiance , prime location on park avenue south and friendly service .
very romantic fires , i 've literally spent hours at lanterna , drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience .
we got a little tipsy from the sake but is n't that what saturday nights with the girlfriends are all about ?
i almost wanted to write a bad review , so no one would ever go here and i could have all the dumplings to myself !
after reading the posts , i was always skeptical to go to the minnow , despite living in park slope .
always a nice crowd , but never loud .
my turkey burger was not cooked at all , my friends salmon was completely raw .
the service is spotty , sometimes really friendly and sometimes barely there .
decor is minimalist and clean , nothing to distract or commend .
his drinks are very inventive , delicious and classy .
great food , great prices , great service .
this is n't your corner chinese food takeout .
awsome pizza especially the margheritta slice .
my husband and i ate here after reading reviews here as well as hobokenicom .
try ordering from the regular menu , then you would not regret !
told us to sit anywhere , and when we sat he said the table was reserved .
uni from maine vs california , sea vs freshwater eel to get a good taste comparison .
the crispy chicken was n't for us , though .
just awsome .
food is great .
there is a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like me .
i recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal !
this place is incredibly tiny .
i will definetely go back again and again , that 's for sure ! ! !
this is one of our all-time favorite .
the wine is always good , the tapas are always yummy , especially with the warm pita bread .
but when you are seated the waitresses are great , they explain everything on the menu , and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get .
this place is amazingly bad .
i 've been to several places for dim sum and this has got to be the worst .
i love this place .
the freshest , best variety , and the fastest delivery .
go to volare for 1st class service and terrific food .
it 's super-trendy and there 's always someone to take that empty seat , so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence .
the people in the restaurant were pretty obnoxious and loud .
the sandwiches are dry , tasteless and way overpriced .
price no more than a jersey deli but way better .
the fried rice is really good too .
we were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the manager tony gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections .
it 's a steal !
still stay away , the table next to us walked out after my table and aanother were serves eventhough they were there much longer .
i was with a party of 7 close but not next the the front doors and we were eating with our coats on .
a very inviting restaurant , with friendly service .
the back garden sitting area is very pleasant , where you can see their personal herb garden .
what 's the difference between the two ?
will go back but only sate those homesick stomach cravings !
good french restaurant in an area devoid of decent restaurants unless you 're into eating 4 pound pastrami sandwiches at katz deli , or mexican food which is supplied by capable restaurants .
i was very disappointed with this restaurant .
the drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced .
we also had shared a house salad that was fresh .
the ceiling is amazing !
my wife and i were in nyc celebrating our 30th anniversary .
i 'm glad i was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in ny .
and at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water .
not a small feat for good french food in the area .
the space is a bit too small for live music , so on jazz nights , it can be loud and cramped .
food was average but tasty .
we come from new jersey to eat at kinoko .
big wong gets big ups for a fine establishment .
will never be back .
the entree was bland and small , dessert was not inspired .
i highly recommend it .
oh and it 's too tiny for families with strollers .
with the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering , the food here was decent , not great .
the pad thai , lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but , i 've had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places .
delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door .
my picks , guizhou chicken , fish with hot bean source , fish fillet in spicy source special menu .
overall , i 'm still impressed that the place even exists and the prices are quite decent but then again , its chinatown .
admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm , but the open kitchen is part of the charm .
my six year old loved it .
pizza was a little soggy .
the food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri , sevpuri and samosa chaats , as well as other great indian appetizers .
the singapore mai fun had no curry flavor whatsoever .
the only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent .
the wine list is interesting and has many good values .
murray wo n't do it .
i 'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food .
this restaurant used to be our regular thursday night dinner location .
definite go if you 're used to good indian restaurant food from abroad .
thr at moshphere is compact , modern , yet cozy .
by far , the best pizza in manhattan .
decent thai food in cute , though a bit dank , little nolita hangout , but service terrible .
most people eat there seem to be typical upper east side snobs , so be aware .
the waiter actually poured water on my hand and walked away .
the food is mostly made from scratch , fresh and well prepared .
worse of all , $ 60 was erroneously added to our $ 80 bill .
too cold to enjoy .
no more reservations , expensive tips and annoying stuff .
try the sea bass .
$ 20 gets you unlimited sushi of a very high quality i even took a friend here from japan who said it was one of the best sushi places in the us that he has been to .
i brought some buddies from ca and they loved it .
inside is a little cramped , but to be expected .
sushi was n't anything spectacular for the price .
but they do n't have a toaster , which is strange .
the menu choices are similar but the taste lacked more flavor than it looked .
a must for all the dosa lovers .
the portions are huge , so it might be good to order three things to split rather than one appetizer and entree per person for two people .
the appetizers are just ok and the main courses were decidedly subpar .
someone else recommended the dessert , we also left that .
the exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations .
the staff is very attentive and we can almost always get a table .
if you are a vegetarian , this really is n't a good place to go .
i 'm sure i 'll return for a final judgement tho .
of course , it is crowded but who cares .
this quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my manhattan restaurant list .
i 've been there three times and have always had wonderful experiences .
people are always friendly .
the cream cheeses are out of this world and i love that coffee ! !
from the entrees to the sides to the drinks , everything was creatively prepared yet still simple .
hmmm .
service was prompt and courteous .
it was not above ordinary and the beef version had cheap undercooked beef .
chance is a small cozy restaurant , with a romantic feel to it , the decor is great .
it was nice and fresh , but i ca n't give it high scores on being authentic thai .
overall , worht every penny .
when i called this morning , i did n't think i would be able to get in at 12 , but i was able to get in , along with four other guests .
got club soda , filled with ice , no lime .
this place must have cost the owners afortune to build .
i have n't been to the other locations .
oh , and the complimentary pudding dessert was just enough yummy !
people dress in suits or evening gowns as well as shirts jeans .
we split a tasty vegetable samosa and the malai tikka wrap .
knowledge of the chef and the waitress are below average .
we were walking around the village and went into this place just for some drinks .
decent wine selection too .
it saves walking in and waiting for a table in the often noisy , crowded bar at dinnertime .
i have to say i have never had a disapointing meal here .
it 's one of our favorite places to eat in ny .
the place does get crowded , so i recommend going between 4-5 pm .
mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta raddichio was kind of bitter though .
disappointing food , lousy service .
i 'm from sichuan , this is the restaurant i recommend going .
if you want a casual neighborhood bistro that has great food and excellent service , this is the place .
great place to go for a drink too because they have 100 kinds of beer .
but this place is a well-oiled machine so they know what they 're doing .
over price , and small portions .
meanwhile , the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil , gratis .
but i 'd go back
stepped on my foot on the second time he reached over me to adjust lighting .
but their best dish is thh thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp , a dish that would cost $ 2395 is most places , but it is $ 16 here .
good , dark atmosphere and the music is a nice touch .
my husband said the portions were very small , but if my main course was good to eat the portion would 've been fine for me .
but the thai is definitely not great - bland and indistinguished .
this thai restaurant is a couple blocks away from sripraphai another delicious thai restaurant .
great for groups , great for a date , great for early brunch or a nightcap .
authentic shanghai style and i can not recommend a better shanghai place in new york .
our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese .
perhaps the last reviewer who stated she was treated with attitude lives in a parallel universe because i have never had anything but a perfect experience at yasuda .
that said , i thought scalini fedeli was one of the best dining experiences i 've ever had .
stuffing yourself with japanese food is a rare thing .
i try my best to give an accurate description of any establishment visited .
while the food was good certainly no il mulino the service was horrendous .
service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category .
our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant .
i would recommend reservations on weekends though .
there are many thai places in the city but so far toons is # 1 .
great pizza for lunch place .
the food was very expensive we spent $ 160 for lunch for two but extremely tasty .
i do n't think i would go again .
we were a group of 8 and well seved .
and that 's no mean feat .
i often go there to eat with my family .
the signs , the specials menus , food , and even all the waitstaff are all totally japanese .
no pizza 33 for me !
i love their spicy scallop roll , and my boyfriend consistently gets the sesame chicken .
i noted it was crossed off on the bill .
needless to say , i 'm never going back and you should be wary too .
best dish is nori-wrapped tuna .
some servers make you feel like they are doing you a favor to bring you the food .
an excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but , the food was slightly disappointing .
mermaid inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood .
i work around the corner and tried it with a colleague for the first time .
the staff is also attentive and friendly .
this is definitely a place that provides the best experience , though , to both a-listers and people walking in off the street .
they were such a rip-off $ 895 for four small meat patties in steamed buns and not worth trying .
first it took us a long time to find the place .
all of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better !
the food was good too .
we have tried every thai restaurant between atlantic avenue and 4th streets , and joya is the best .
immediately after we paid , the waiter took the money and said , okay , you guys are outta here .
admittedly , this is not the place for gigantic pieces of fish overflowing the plate and thank goodness , in my opinion but for simple , elegant sushi there is no better place in new york or anywhere in the us .
i am a die hard peep lover .
once you become a regular , you are treated as one .
the menu seemed to have a wide variety of dishes for seafood lovers and interesting ways of preparing them .
the white bean brushetta to start was incredible and the pasta was phenomenal .
the rest of the menu is limited by everything is good eats .
the menu is nothing like the one on the website .
great food , great lay out and awesome service .
we walked in on a wednesday night and were seated promptly .
chennai garden is my favorite indian restaurant in the city .
the wait staff is very freindly , they make it feel like you 're eating in a freindly little european town .
oh yeah ever on the west side try there sister resturant arties cafe .
besides that there should be more restaurants like it around the city .
my roommate and i love this place .
the waitstaff are all very busy , it 's not outstanding service , but i 've never been dealt with rudely .
i have lived in japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in japan .
they have it all - great price , food , and service .
so close , but not good enough .
this was on a tuesday night .
its also a bit of a hassle to get to without a car i happen to live in inwood .
the flavors are great , and the menu is extensive .
the food was amazing , the service was so attentive and personable , and how about that ambience !
this place has the best interior i have seen anywhere in the northside of w ' burg , and will impress whoever you bring there .
the food has been consistant for years and it never lets you down .
i found the variety of the sashimi plate to be satisfying , fresh and yummy .
do n't waste your time , or money ! !
they do n't concern much of customer 's health , just want to make money .
we could n't carry our conversation as we were routinely interrupted by waitress and servants asking us to order and hinting that we 're taking too much time - amazing , we just sat down .
sometimes i get good food and ok service .
we just ate at kai and were disapointed .
it 's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food , noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks .
after complaining about the chicken dish , the manager came over to tell us that , no one had ever complained before , and that we just did n't know what the dish was supposed to taste like .
the food was spicy and delicious .
i went with my fiance on a tuesday evening .
a little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite .
it was wonderful .
went for a late weekday lunch .
i just do n't understand all the hype .
bartender was unable to tear himself away from friends at bar .
anyways , if you 're in the neighborhood to eat good food , i would n't waste my time trying to find something , rather go across the street to tamari .
dahkin also offers prix fixe lunch and buffet .
you can barely see who you are with never mind have a conversation .
this was my frist time at cafe st bart 's and i must say how delicous the food and the service was .
i do n't get it either .
went on a double date with friend and his girlfriend for a few drinks and appetizers .
great place to grab a hot bagel on the way to work .
it 's like they took leftover chicken , poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it the sauce was translucent and red .
one would think we 'd get an apology or complimentary drinks , instead , we got a snobby waiter would n't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so .
they brought glasses and the bottle , and just left the bottle at our table .
we actually gave 10 % tip which we have never done despite mediocre food and service , because we felt totally ripped off .
we were looking forward to nice glass of sangria when we arrived .
i would highly recommand requesting a table by the window .
while we enjoyed the food , we were highly disappointed by the poor service waiter was not quite competent and slow service and lack of remorse .
i for one will never patronize them again .
i stumbled upon this great pizzeria as i explored my new neighborhood .
after hearing a lot of great things about the restaurant , and passing by it on a daily basis , we decided to try .
the service , however , was a bright flower in a garden .
so , again , give it a try .
stay far away from this place .
we will come back ! ! !
we 've been to grocery three times and not once has an item on the menu disappointed .
the food is very good too but for the most part , it 's just regular food , nothing special .
a touch more jalapeno heat for contrast and it would have been very good indeed .
tried the pad see ew on the recommendation of the last reviewer since it 's one of my favorite dishes .
we 'd go back again
we ate out in the back patio , which is worth it as it 's cool and the music is hear well there .
the location is perfect .
guacamole + shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , did n't much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared .
the lunch special is an asbolute steal .
this food is asian-air fusion .
nothing fancy but really good food with pretty reasonable price .
the chicken pot pie is excpetiona , the cheeseburger huge and delictable , and the service professional wan warm .
while i quite liked the food and the ambience , i 'm not quite sure if it they really deserve it the michelin rating they have displayed so prooudly in the window .
i 'm surprised about some of the bad reviews posted here , i 've been to tamarind about 5 or 6 times and always come away extremely satisfied and looking forward to returning .
but on a lazy saturday night , we ended up going .
there are a few italian employees who may not speak the best english but for me that adds to the experience .
i have never eaten in the restaurant , however , upon reading the reviews i got take out last week .
once for dinner and once for brunch .
i 've been to at cafe spice probably 5-8 times , it is probably still the best indian restaurant around union square .
would recommend , perfect for those looking for a place close to grand central .
service was good and food is wonderful .
i only have friends .
she gets 10 for her excellent service and advice .
the restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
being a fan of spicy ethnic foods , indian included , i made friends with this place long ago .
please save yourself the frustration .
and i say snacking because it really is not set up to be a proper dinner .
i have eaten at saul , many times , the food is always consistently , outrageously good .
always ask the bartender for the seasonal beer ! ! !
if your visiting , you 'll enjoy the ambiance and the fact that it 's in time sq .
we were on our way back to nj , and since i am in ny , we figured why not grab some food ?
sandwiches tho pricey are over stuffed , can serve 2 persons easily thus cost effective !
and comparing it to the chinatown restaurants is simply not fair .
service and food is what any one would expect when spending that type of money .
love the atmosphere , felt like i was in paris .
every course was better than the next .
not cheap , but not that expensive either .
the staff is incredibly helpful and attentive .
if presentation and service is your thing , then this magic show works .
apparently , the good cook works then .
i was pleasantly suprised .
the yellowtail was particularly good as well .
one less manhattanite the better .
everyone is welcomed in as family .
i ate clams oreganta and spectacular salad with perfectly marinated cucumbers and tomatoes with lots of shrimp and basil .
the menu changed , portions were even smaller than before , a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility , a basmati rice dish lacked flavor .
spice is sleek , modern and cool with a menu that will not hurt your wallet .
very affordable and excellent ambient !
look elsewhere .
more important , the sushi rivals the best in tokyo .
bill a little high , but worth it .
worth a visit .
its a go-to for dates as well as entertaining out of town guests .
why do people rave about the ambience .
were meeting up with some friends for a drink at lafayette 161 and happened to walk by thai angel famished .
fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno-lime olive oil , the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish 's sweetness .
great sushi experience .
they charge $ 600 for rice .
my steak au poivre was one of the worst i 've had .
on a recent sunday afternoon , a friend and i accidently found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play doubt .
the owner and staff are all japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance .
try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call ow ley soh , a delicious and sweet tasting bread .
although the tables may be closely situated , the candle-light , food-quality and service overcompensate .
the food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive considering we were the only ones there for the first hour .
from the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff , i felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it .
would definitely visit again .
definitely worth the trip to battery park city !
perhaps this food is considered extreme to an upper east side resident , but for the rest of us who 've actually eaten ethnic food , this is simply dull .
the place was real empty but that was because this was the first sunday they ever opened .
this little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money .
ambience is delightful , service impeccable .
tasty but expensive .
you get the sense that the people there care about their restaurant and about your experience and that is very nice .
both are delicious , the cooks are friendly and are willing to take a moment and speak to you and shake your hand .
so i thought why not change it up a bit .
the staff was accomodating , the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely .
ps please do n't tell anyone in my family i eat there .
my picks are , , scallion pancake fried with vegetable juice , very special and tasty , guizhou chicken , shredded squid family style one of my personal favorites , sichuan spicy soft shell crab , shuizhu fish this one is for hardcore sichuan food fans , i would n't recommend to my american friends as it 's very spicy .
they smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone .
there was a great deal for 6 blue point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $ 8 !
i really liked the noodle dishes at rice avenue compared to their green curry dish .
but for whatever reason , prices are about twice as high .
i am relatively new to the area and tried pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and i thought the food was overated and on the pricey side .
great atmoshere and worth every bit .
we had a most unpleasant experience at this restaurant .
the staff was knowledgeable and full of personality .
great staff .
only complaint would be that at an average cost of $ 12 - $ 15 per meal , i 'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat !
to finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert , especially the white chocolate bread pudding with gelato and hot chocolate .
the banana tower is an amazing dessert as well .
i went there with my friend last saturday .
excellent atmosphere , delicious dishes good and friendly service .
great vibe , lots of people .
i like mamoun 's food as well , but side by side , kati rolls just produce tastier food hands down .
just an odd group .
either that , or the editor 's idea of romance must be sharing a conversation with the next table , while trying to speak louder than the traffic on 57th .
i love this place !
it is not consistent .
but that was n't the icing on the cake , a tiramisu that resembled nothing i have ever had .
wine list is not huge but def well selected .
be sure to try the seasonal , and always delicious , specials .
the ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service .
the one vegetarian entree abby 's treasure was actually quite a surprise , it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables .
but the pizza is way to expensive .
even better , they know how to cook french classics like steak au poivre and onglet without burning it to death or overcooking it .
service was decent , but not as smooth as i would expect from a place with these prices and reputation .
good drink .
was there friday night .
we had a girls night dinner here for restaurant week .
however , i was there for a work dinner not long ago when my colleague from london noticed a very large waterbug on the ceiling .
enough said !
i do n't live in ny but my best friend does .
my chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily .
even though i made the reservation at 3 pm for the same night through dinnerbroker , we were seated at a table with one of the best view !
i did n't take a look at the rest menu , but the oysters were fantastic .
after the review i treked into brooklyn .
the grilled cheese at home afterwards was better ! ! .
we were pleasantly greeted .
the red sliding doors may be unique but they do not block off the cold air from the outside .
great service , great food .
the food is expensive , but worth every bite .
sometimes i get bad food and bad service , sometimes i get good good and bad service .
when we were finally seated our waitress came by twice-1 for our order and 2-for our check .
in summer-eat outside on a terrace another great feature of suan ! ! !
it 's the perfect restaurant for ny life style , it got cool design , awsome drinks and food and lot 's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar .
recommendations , of course , are required !
we did have to wait at the bar for approx .
you fellas above says its the best taiwanese restaurant in town .
if you love seafood , you would love this place !
good , fast service .
dakshin is one of the few affordable and tasty indian restaurant in the upper east side .
they charge different prices all the time .
to dine at thalia can be slightly deceiving because while its beautiful on the outside , its so bland on the inside .
i was in love with pongsri on 48th , but compared to suan it is slow in service and overpriced .
i am so coming back here again , as much as i can .
i have been going back again and again .
it 's charmingly small and that leads to an atmoshere that is extremely cozy and romantic , even .
it is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with japanese cuisine .
in terms of the food itself - nothing special , we limited ourselves to several appetizers .
overall , excellent restaurant !
to begin , we were told there was a 30 minute wait and started to leave , when the hostess offered to call us on our cell phone when the table was ready .
the servers give you some sample slices of your order while you wait shortly i might add .
when asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants , he replied this is not mcdonald 's , every place makes things differently while it is understandable that every place is indeed different , there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude .
i ate here for the first time and absolutely loved it !
do n't expect to sit down inside though , there are only a few tables and they are always full .
the staff is accomodating , the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed , and the food is out of this world !
the food was delicious i had a halibut special , my husband had steak , and the service was top-notch .
this is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood .
but too far east !
satisfying .
highly highly highly recommended !
we took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it .
we came here on a crowded saturday night and were seated right away despite being 15 minutes late for our reservation .
we were fast to order the appetizer platter since we were very hungry .
the staff are attentive , and have smiles on their faces .
this is the best shabu-shabu restaurant in the try-state area .
no dress codes , no attitudes , plenty of comfort companionship , a great place to relax in an always busy midtown .
largest and freshest pieces of sushi , and delicious !
even the pasta is delicious here a rarity in new york pizza restaurants .
but when we looked at the menu , there were n't a lot of choices , most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section .
maybe i say so because it looked promising for people who like artery-clogging jewish deli food , but turns out to be poorly run and awful .
this place is greatly welcome in the desolate little strip between the prospect expressway and greenwood cemetery , a wasteland we like to call the sliv .
now if they could only get a toaster .
when he 's not making authentic neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms , he 's visiting the regulars a growing legion and checking on newcomers .
wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the uws !
the ingredients taste fresher , the crust is thinner and crispier , the slice is less oily , and it 's never burnt like it occasionally is at joe 's .
fish is so very fresh .
go only if you are already in the neighborhood and do n't want to bother going farther for a better place .
top spot in town for vietnamese classics , better than places that cost a lot more .
less wait time for me !
this was the perfect quiet , relaxing , and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater .
the decor is really blah , and not at all hip or happening .
having discovered ping 's on the internet , we entered with qualms but were instantly put to ease by the fish tanks that greet you as u walk in .
you can not go wrong at the red eye grill .
it appears to be the owner 's first venture and it shows .
i come from a family of pizzeria owners , and i 'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in fornino 's blows my families receipies away .
i go twice a month !
we ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the thai section of the menu but nothing we got was thai .
they have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great .
the lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with scallops and shrimp is great .
the food was authentic .
i only tried a simple dish of spinach ravioli in a light oil and garlic sauce , but it actually faired better than most nyc italian joints i 've tried similar dish at .
the worst excuse for japanese food i 've ever encountered .
a million better places to go in the city .
if celebrities make you sweat , then your in for a ride , but if your like most around these parts then you 'll just yawn and wonder whats with all the hype .
okay-i do n't mind the oily part cause most are cooked that way but it was way too bland .
i love it .
if you want something really different than try jekyll and hyde .
we had reservations at 9 pm , but was not seated until 10 , 15 pm .
we had pam 's special fried fish and it was amazing .
there is no excuse for such lousy service !
three strikes and this restaurant is out .
we bring in a party of ten or so every week .
my boyfriend had the new england chowder it was good but i think the award should go to the lobster bisque .
so , a little inconsistency there but either way , both pizzas were really good .
overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites , but everything was delicious .
not enough wines by the glass either .
i had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible .
these innovators of french indian fusion do a great job of making dishes as interesting as possible while still being accessible .
just do n't take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant , i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there .
my wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it .
everything i had was good , and i 'm a eater .
one should not go to lucky strike for the food .
the service is awful -- the last time i was there and i do mean the last time we were told that they needed our table so we would have to leave .
we could only get through an appetizer and cheese fondue .
to me it exemplifies soho , cute , artsy , interesting .
both times we waited well over a half hour for a table even though we had reservations .
happy to be a regular at this place and would warmly recommend it to anyone .
night without a reservation , we had to wait at the bar for a little while , but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience .
we had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful .
we were also seated promptly at the time of our reservation and the service was very quick and professional .
the food there are sastifying .
i highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try .
i highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks !
the food was good .
great wine selection , gigondas is worth the price , and the house champagne is a great value .
at night , but it 's hard to hear your own conversation with everyone else competing for that same luxury , the music playing in the background is also voluminous .
it just was n't thai .
i have enjoyed everything i have ever gotten and the fish is so fresh and always prepared in a great way .
i particularly love their yellowfun tuna and their mussel selection .
i love to visit murrays for my bagel fix .
we made early dinner reservations and were thoroughly impressed , reminds me of my grandfather , its old school italian scenery with lots of fun stuff to admire .
recommended .
the place was nice and calm .
cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $ 10 .
i could have drank 4 glasses of water and still been parched , so watch out .
when we sat , we got great and fast service .
most of the servers are very attentive , friendly and quite attractive .
service is average .
they forgot a sandwich , did n't include plastic forks , and did n't include pita with the hummus platter .
the steak is good , the fish is good and the sushi was surprisingly great .
for asian fusion , there are many places further downtown .
old school meets new world .
i am reluctant to write because i would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded .
the service was poor , restaurant poorly lit , staff not very attentive and i would have rather eaten at a mcdonald 's than this joint .
this is probably one of my new favorite places .
for being number 1 , this place has alot of work to do in order to truly earn its so called reputation .
for myself and family we would only go here to celebrate an occassion , i do prefer smaller , quiter restaurants .
they all know you .
this restaurant is such a great place .
once you step into cosette , you 're miraculously in a small , off-the-beaten path parisian bistro .
i 've been several times and am totally smitten .
terrible experience .
i love the place .
service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded .
will have to return to try the chocolate !
it 's only $ 195 for a regular slice and $ 400 for a slice with a mushroom , not mushrooms .
there is a real gallery of stars that have visited .
the food was below average , the service was pathetic , there was no ambience at all .
i really enjoyed the shows put on by the actors .
our first time in new york and we had to try a new york bagel .
this one is definintely my least favorite .
the miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past .
everytime my husband and i go there , we are never disappointed .
they are the best bagels i 've had .
we were not disappointed .
i 've read some of the previews reviews , people are either not new yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food .
$ 160 for 2 filets , 2 sides , an appetizer and drinks .
while the prices are nothing special , the portions are huge .
its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal , relax , be able to talk and have a very good time .
however , i think this place is a good hang out spot .
the menu is prix fixe , so be prepared to spend at least $ 60 per person , but it is well worth itsuperb food .
rao is a good restaurant , but it 's nothing special .
we had the most wonderful waitress .
while the staff at this little bistro is very friendly , i have never experienced more incompetency .
the quail was fantastic and unique and the pastas were full of flavor .
when we left at 8 , 00 pm , it was packed and noisy .
okay , so i never write but there does n't seem to fair balance of positive to negative reviews concerning green bo and it 's time to speak up , i live in chinatown .
the zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth .
the staff is courteous and friendly .
decor is nice though service can be spotty .
aside from the rushed service , we were very impressed with the food and the drinks .
will absolutely visit again .
i would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fine indian dining experience that is definitely a value for your dollar .
and even with it 's pub atmosphere they were great to my kids too !
i consider the best grand sichuan restaurant in nyc .
we spent 50 $ $ definetly will come back with my friends ! ! !
went to village last night for my birthday .
some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers , other times , they 've skipped my order .
try the chocolate mud cake ( warmed ) with 2 scoops of dulce de leche gelato .
that 's good and bad .
really cool stauff inside .
while the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made tiffin so attractive , the menu has been overhauled .
we visited orsay during ny restaurant week and tried their $ 35 menu .
came here for restaurant week , did n't save much , but it was still great .
would never go back there .
three of us arrived for dinner about 5 , 30 on a week night without reservations .
the blond wood decor is very soothing , the premium sake is excellent and the service is great .
be careful , when they say spicy , they mean it !
only drawback , they wo n't toast your bagel , and they do n't make eggs for the bagel .
bring your appetites .
of course this atmosphere is lacking , but what do you expect from a 24 hour bagel place anyways ?
service was very good and warm .
cornelia street looks like a broadway set for west side story and the inside of po is so cool quaint you really ca n't top the setting for a romantic dinner in nyc .
like others have said , do n't expect the restaurant to make a nite out romantic for you and yes , a busy restaurant may require you to wait .
food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when i went .
also , because it is so thin , it gets cold very quickly and its not that filling .
the food is nothing like its menu description .
try the pad se-ew or chicken with cashew nuts for a memorable and repeatable experience .
it 's just ok pizza .
i loved it and would highly recommend .
i 've been here twice now .
the food is decent at best , and the ambience , well , it 's a matter of opinion , some may consider it to be a sweet thing , i thought it was just annoying .
the best place to bring kids or any friends who want to do something different .
however , i do not understand the extraordinary hype about this restaurant .
it 's a small cute restaurant .
i will be returning .
the food is above average for midtown and sligtly better than some of the other heartland breweries in the city .
thius is a must for anyone who loves shabu-shabu .
the food was absolutely horrible !
food does n't appear to be cooked on premisis but there 's a high turnover so its pretty fresh .
restaurant was dirty and unkempt .
warning , you may find it difficult to dine at other japanese restaurants after a visit to mizu !
it is a small restuarant so go early and it will be nice and quiet go late and it will be packed !
the crackling calamari salad , which is usually a cheap disaster at many restaurants , is crispy and lightly dressed .
not the greatest sushi place , but excellent for a $ 1995 all you can eat .
shockingly easy to throw a group dinner here , simple contract , deposit only to hold the date the entire 2nd fl mezz for our grp of 20 .
the thai ice tea was amazingly smooth and yummy !
we 've never had any problems with the staff but maybe we 've been lucky ?
the main downside to the place is the nazi-like guy running it who constantly complains about the noise level .
what i did n't like was how the food came right after it was ordered .
but warning , to all those that use this site be weary , be very weary of recommendations .
moderate prices .
we had a great time at the jekyll and hyde pub last night .
i think i 've had some the best meals of my life at minnow .
my biggest complaint was the un-tasty food although presented well .
this tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets , with that certain parisian flair .
buon appetito !
great roofdeck , nice group of 30 somethings , but no music , kind of quiet .
if we were to move from the upper east side , we would genuinely miss this restaurant .
the best part of the experience was knowing that the manager a bubbly , friendly young woman with a great smile truly cared about how we were doing .
ok , for all of us growing up in the village of nyc , we have spoiled by a plethora of restaurants , most of which stay open very late .
however , service was as plain as sesame crusted salmon i had .
i would highly recommend it .
it 's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend .
the food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back .
so some of the reviews here are accurate about the crowd and noise .
you get what you pay for and with that logic in mind , spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting .
finally , after all the raving i went to check it out with one of my enthusiastic friends this last saturday night and let me tell you its all its cracked up to be .
place should also have a 1,2,3 chili rating to be more authentic .
the service was terrible , we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served .
i love this place more and more everytime i go .
i go and eat out at many different restaurants and this is one place you have go and try .
other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced , the atmosphere is filled with energy and the beautiful people of course and the food was surprising good !
we only ordered desserts and drinks , but no refills were offered .
saul is the best restaurant on smith street and in brooklyn .
waiters are slow but sweet .
i have been here a few times for dinner , once for brunch and twice for lunch .
we went to ino for valentines .
the real kicker of the menu , however , is the beef cubes or the chicken with chili and lemon grass .
it was good , but was not what i thought it would be .
the music is the best among all the indian restaurants i have visited .
the bread and lamb chops i had before the meal were quite good , however .
he always says , i do n't have customers .
rao 's has the best service and atmosphere in nyc .
instead ordered an ice cold beer which to me works with indian .
good for dates or with friends .
they never brought us complimentary noodles , ignored repeated requests for sugar , and threw our dishes on the table .
excellent dumplings served amid clean , chic decor .
the kitchen however , is almost always slow .
the corned beef and pastrami are excellent , much less fatty than those big tourist places around times square .
cute place , nice wait staff but would never go there again .
we had a good time .
also , the hostess called me today to thank us for coming and mentioned how she hoped that my girlfriend enjoyed her birthday , unexpected , but a truly above and beyond thing to do .
people are rude bit again it 's new york !
we all felt it was worth it .
the plain slice is great and if you get toppings , the whole slice is topped with them , not sparsely sprinkled on like some places .
based on the reviews on here , it appears that the restaurant is overwhelmed after the 7 pm .
the pizza is overpriced and soggy .
everything is excellent , the menu is quite extensive , and you eat with a view on both sides of the city .
you 'll pay at least double at any other italian restaurant in the city , and most still do n't compare .
for the quality of food , a little too expensive .
i live on the street this place is on .
here 's to the fake fish tanks too .
its worth the wait though .
i 've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious .
the first time i went , and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere , i ordered the lobster cobb salad .
we decided to eat in tea room which was small and cute .
what an amazing meal and experience !
unique apppetizers .
it is the best deal in town for a monday night dinner at a fine restaurant .
nothing special about this place .
also , the sandwiches nearing $ 7 did n't come with anything like chips or a side .
and never strayed .
the wait here is long for dim sum , but if you do n't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig , this is a sleek for chinatown alternative .
leave the kids at home !
this place has good potential , but needs a significa n't amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else .
everything is always cooked to perfection , the service is excellent , the decor cool and understated .
and all of that wo n't break your bank !
the thai food is good .
just moved to the neighborhood and we 've been trying all the west village sushi restaurants .
delicious .
we were seated at the sushi bar in front of yasuda .
we have lived in chelsea for two years and have never noticed this restaurant .
as i made the title , it 's an affordable restaurant for great taste .
they even scoop it out nice for those on a diet not too much not to little .
definitely not worth the price !
orsay , is a very pleasnt throw back to traditional french food , and french service as well .
it 's easy to get a table for a large group and you do n't get hustled out .
great food at reasonable prices .
if you 've ever been along the river in weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer .
i loved it .
they 're are better taiwanese restaurants and they are located in flushing , queens .
the prices are about $ 9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch .
arigato gozimas yuka !
should you happen to be impressed by the cuisine definitely try it .
i had the black cod with yuzu sauce , which was wonderful .
prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant .
tuk tuk is one of the rare choices for me to go in brooklyn .
this quiet dark asian bistro is well worth the trip .
i knew upon visiting nyc that i wanted to try an orginal deli .
i would highly recommend this place !
total hipster-wannabe attitude in an otherwise sweet spot .
yes , there might be a wait if you have no reservations .
thank you emilio .
first of all dal bukhara rocks .
everything , from the soft bread , soggy salad , and 50 minute wait time , with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food .
i asked for them spicy and they were delicious .
it is terrific , as is the value .
the sicilian is my favorite it is moist not dry like most places but all their pizza is great !
downstairs lounge is always a good attraction
the menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size .
the food was amazing , and the service was prompt and helpful , but not over-bearing or rushed .
food was delivered by a busboy , not waiter we got no cheese offered for the pasta , our water and wine glasses remained empty our entire meal , when we would have easily spent another $ 20 on wine .
the takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well .
the food was not fresh , the sauces were bland and very oily .
could be pricey without a prix fixe meal .
i would defiantly come back here again as one of my top choices .
one of us actually liked the expresso , that 's it .
everyone was more then happy with his choices .
again , the waitress was awesome .
worth the trip from manhattan .
i loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors .
the service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals .
zero ambiance to boot .
scalina fedeli reminded me why service is so integral to fine dining .
i ca n't wait for the nex time .
everything looks great , the drinks , the decor , the food , even the people .
as soon as my father lifted his pen from the check a chef appeared to usher us out .
the parathas and kebabs are made when ordered ensuring a level of freshness that is unsurpassed .
great neighborhood joint .
the tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent .
the only disappointment was the coat check girls who did n't seem to know what a customer is on a realtively non-busy night for the coat check girls .
my fiance took me to scopa last week for my birthday and i could n't believe the food .
ummmthe beer was cold .
i take all my nyc guests to vt 's .
we had great desserts including the best cannoli i 've ever had and then they offered an after dinner drink , on the house .
we asked to be moved which took half an hour , and then were seated in a high traffic area in the back , even though the rest of the room was practically empty .
however , their popularity has yet to slow down , and i still find myself drawn to their ambiance and delectable reputation .
where tanks in other chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters , the tanks at ping 's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover 's brunch .
the place was n't too hard to find , but it was kind of packed , as soon as my boyfriend and i got our food , the line reached the door .
good bagels and good cream cheese .
it is also extremely well priced .
always great service !
i am happy i did the food was awsome .
i have been in many restaurants all over the city and roth 's steakhouse has quickly become one of my favorites .
a bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks .
i went to df for valentines day dinner .
i recommend the jelly fish , drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings , certainly the stir fry blue crab .
i loved the shows .
we could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu .
the aesthetics of this place are like an airport lounge .
my wife and i ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food .
if you do n't mind pre-sliced low quality fish , unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place .
the food itself was just ok , nothing spectacular , but the service was awful .
as there were so many to choose from we wandered up and down the street looking in the windows and such noticicing many empty seats , except at taj mahal .
also , do n't plan on asking for your favorite roll , if it 's not on the menu , you ca n't have it .
give it a try and enjoy .
and that 's saying a lot .
those rolls were big , but not good and sashimi was n't fresh .
the only thing i could get attention from was one of at least two cats running around that kept batting at my table .
going to ballato 's is like coming home and eating in my own kitchen , an absolute delight !
try the spicy shrimp appetizer again , not the greatest value in the world but worth the price and the lamb vindaloo is great .
i think this is one of the more underrated places in the city .
for out-of-towners who will get a big thrill out of the location !
everyone that has ever come here with me has become a convert and returned regularly with their own friends .
i go at least 3 times a month and have never been disappointed .
i think the restaurant was too loud when full to be romantic .
i have had so many dinners here and it 's always been perfect , on a date with my husband , with my mom , with girlfriends and larger groups .
when you want a piece of beef , head on over .
delicate spices , onions , eggs and a kick-ass roti .
also , if you do n't want to sit at a certain table , you do n't have to !
unbelievable .
a little pricey but it really hits the spot on a sunday morning !
the menu has lots of options , i hope to go back to try those potato pancakes .
as soon as i wake up on a saturday or sunday it is the first thing on my mind is when and how i will be getting to fried dumpling .
the staff is n't the friendliest or most competent , and i am stickler for service , but everything else about this place makes up for it .
this restaurant was way overhyped .
i 've overheard comments from him to his employees that should not have been delivered in the dining area and i 've been sitting there while he lectured another customer .
delicious crab cakes too .
now at the top of our list , del frisco 's steakhouse .
i can not imagine you not rushing out to eat there .
this was the worst dining experience i 've ever had .
i thought i had died and gone to heaven .
not someplace i would seek to try out but if i am in the area again , i will certainly stop by .
food was okay , nothing great .
every waitress and customer who passed by me bumped into my chair .
i have been going there since it opened and i ca n't get enough .
i recently tried suan and i thought that it was great .
a little noise but i think that was because of our party !
if the omakase is to showcase technique and variety , serving almost 40 % of items bbq-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance .
i ca n't wait for summer , when they serve outside on their gigantic patio .
best pastrami i ever had and great portion without being ridiculous .
go here for the drinks !
i 'd definitely recommend this little place .
again , if you are in this neighborhood , by all means , come here .
butter was melted , white wine warm , cheese oozing everywhere .
we had a party in their private room and they made it truly memorable and were very helpful in the planning .
i have eaten at shabu tatsu at least 5 times and i always want to go back for more !
authentic pakistani food .
the staff has always been friendly without seeming grating , and the chef has greeted us on a couple of occasions .
get it together .
the eggplant parmesan is also great , and my friend who grew up in manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce .
quality ingredients preparation all around , and a very fair price for nyc .
service was very good , prompt , attentive and non-intrusive .
my entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid , and was unnecessarily heated with a burner .
in such a crappy part of town to find a good value for lunch , this place is great .
its not curry in a slurry crap , and regular run of the mill food .
in fact , while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu , and i could n't help telling them that the food was horrible .
even though the restaurant was packed , we were seated promptly and even asked for a table upstairs with no problems .
if you want americanized chinese food with your usual watery , generic white sauce , this is your place .
service is friendly , prices are good , delivery time was a little slow , but for the way this pizza tastes , i 'm willing to overlook it .
the food can get price but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you do n't like .
the service is excellent , the decor is great , and the food is delicious and comes in large portions .
a word to the wise , the hoboken health inspector clued me to his findings that this is the cleanest restaurant in town .
an excellent service
the food however , is what one might expect .
i must give it yon out of yon stars !
the pizza was really good .
the only possible drawback to this last point is that as of the date of this posting , the additional menu items are only written in chinese .
food is average , and i would say even the chain restaurant baluchi 's tastes better .
the place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic .
the food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate .
a little crowded but they move that line really fast !
kosher dills are the perfect compliment for your unforgetable sandwich and they give you plenty of them .
kudos to po !
the entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner .
the food is so cheap and the waiters are nice .
the food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible .
the bartender on my most recent visit was so incredibly rude that i will never go back .
their sushi , kamikaze and other rolls are fresh and well presented .
for authentic thai food , look no further than toons .
it 's true , you feel like your in a scene from goodfellas .
i read the other review and have to say i had the opposite experience here last sunday .
the highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries i received from one of the food runners , which is not good considering the bill was nearly $ 100 .
i choose to go with one of the special , the braised lamb shank in red wine , which was excellent .
if anyones has doubt of not knowing enough about wines , please check their wine list .
the only concern i have is with the slighly all-business waitstaff who order and throw the food down , rushing you out .
small servings for main entree , i had salmon wasnt impressed girlfriend had chicken , it was good .
so rude .
the ambience is very romantic and definitely a good place to bring a date .
it is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant , with only a few tables and the waiter being the bar , but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere .
there are much better places in ny with better prices .
very neighborhoody , very quick and sufficient .
obv caviar is top of the line but the rest of the menu is so diverse it gives you a chance to taste so manydifferent varietys .
i ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive .
and i could do without the cigar smoke .
still , try it once , since if you end up loving the food , it could be one of your best dining experiences .
i 've waited over one hour for food .
other guests enjoyed pizza , santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips .
the ambience is very calm and quiet .
both times i was extremely dissappointed by the service , which was boarderline rude .
stay away from the latter since you wo n't go for seconds hint hint .
not only does make the best pizza in ny , maybe anywhere .
the spicy tuna roll is huge and probably the best that i 've had at this price range .
price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit .
our waiter and all of the people helping him were attentive and genuine .
the place is a bistro which means , simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere .
this is one of the best comfort food places in the city .
overall , the ingredients and technique are there and i am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves .
i had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll .
though you will undoubtedly be seated at a table with what seems like barely enough room no matter what the size of your party , the warm atomosphere is worth the cramped quarters you 'll have fun and forgot about the tight spot you 're in .
the fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale .
this is the pinnacle of indian fast food all fast foods in my opinion .
besides , when you have bad service , that 's less money you have to tip .
we do not need to go to a four-star restaurant anymore .
the wine list is also really nice .
i thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others .
i plan on stopping by next week as well .
service was devine , oysters where a sensual as they come , and the price ca n't be beat ! ! !
the service was attentive , yet discreet .
as a retired hipster , i can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year lucky strike has been the best laid-back late night in the city .
then , if they answer the phone , you 're lucky if they do n't hang up on you !
they offer the same menu but have creative drinks that are loaded with alcohol and cheeky names - but they do cost you .
we went to eat at the jekyll and hyde restaurant on friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food .
the food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions .
you have to increase the service a lot .
ambiance is barely romantic but management tries .
i must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small especially the appetizers , so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef 's special tasting menu , prepare to order and pay for an appetizer 1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing , a main entree , and the cold udon at the end of the meal .
they were very abrupt with me when i called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice .
nothing better than buying a snapple for $ 325 too .
when family came in he gave them apps to test their palets , and then ordered for them .
i was pleasantly surprised to find this gem in hoboken .
the dosas are skimpy , unattractive and drip with grease , and personally i 'd drink popcorn topping before i 'd eat another one of these .
the service was excellent and the food was delicious .
if i wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers i 'd go out in manhattan .
after a seafood craving , i checked citysearch and chose to go to fish based on a previous review and the citysearch info .
right off the major deegan you get ladies from all over the city .
until you realize that their five minutes is meaningless and your wait may be anywhere from two to twenty minutes it may be frustrating .
the fillings may be unconventional but the dosa batter is definitely authentic and the combinations very tasty .
this is the perfect spot for meeting friends , having lunch , dinner , pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks !
this is a fun restaurant to go to .
the mussaman curry that i ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that i ordered in it , they graciously provided me with one piece of poorly cooked potato .
had a late night dinner on a saturday night .
a restaurant that does n't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere .
their sake martini is wonderful .
well , this place is so ghetto its not even funny .
bravissimo ! !
once they ran out of gnochi and made it for me from scratch !
we would like to thank marcelo and grace for a wonderful dining experience ! ! !
found service above average , but that could be because we were 13 of us .
when i arrived at orsay i was thrown back , in a veyr good sense .
bagels are ok , but be sure not to make any special requests !
this is the cheers of new york , whether you 've ever been there or not .
it 's to die for !
cute and decorative .
i know this is the case in many nyc eateries , but here , they really cram you in to the point where it 's borderline uncomfortable .
fine dining restaurant quality .
overall a disappointing experience for that price category .
i 've had the lunch buffet at chennai a couple of times , when i have been in the neighborhood .
the food was exceptional .
you will be satisfied .
another great place to take out-of-towners !
but , hey , there is anything better with a decent vegetarian selection in astoria .
we were less than impressed .
a thai restaurant out of rice during dinner ?
but still my date was bad
would definitely go back again .
i have been to rao 's probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better .
and i have eaten my share which impresses me for having such a large amount of people to serve .
sure , the setting is nice .
overall a worthwhile experience .
the service is friendly , if not the most prompt in the world , the food is great , and the prices , while not cheap , wo n't put your wallet out of commission .
had 1 appetizer , 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~ $ 5500 , not including tip .
it 's really a takeaway place , i would n't sit if i could take it home .
the most fun restaurant i have ever been too !
best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town !
some of the finest latin women you 'll see in your life hang out at jimmy 's .
slightly above average wines start at $ 70 + with only one selection listed at $ 30 + .
their whitefish salad is excellent -- all whitefish with a little mayo .
nobody at this restaurant will give firm answers about anything and in the end , not one person takes responsibility for anything .
the waitresses are nice -- also you can just get counter service sit .
having been a long time ess-a-bagel fan , i was surpised to find myself return time and time again to murray 's .
highly recommended .
you can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience , but for superb food at reasonable prices , la villa ca n't be beat .
wo n't or ca n't is not in the service directory .
i do suggest to ask to be seated upstairs if you are looking to be a little cozy .
to speak of the park side , words can not describe .
i would recommend roxy 's for that , but not for their food .
overall i was impressed and will return , it 's a great qpr quality to price ratio .
it is nearly impossible to get a table , so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner , do not pass it up .
their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic .
the puke green walls leave a lot to be desired , but the food is very good .
the flavors are very fresh and pretty inobtrusive , nothing flashy .
i like cafe noir do n't get me wrong , it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent ! !
the hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed .
but $ 1 for each small piece ? ? ?
our son loves pizza and we have a certified neapolitan pizza in our home city seattle , we liked this nearly as much , and the differences were more about personal preference than any reflection on either restaurant .
no food snobs allowed , this place is for people who appreciate good food .
i liked the food at this quasi-thai restaurant .
suan is a great place that i often take my friends classmates too .
not a great place for family or general dining .
as for the bar , this is another bad idea .
unlike hh up the block , this place actually gives you hearty and hot bagels this town is known for .
i thought going to jimmys would give me a real domincan exprience .
the barebecued salmon is elegantly spiced and not at all dry .
same owner as the guy who owns typhoon , which is just down the street on st marks and 1st ave .
what generous portions !
the workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese gets a little messy .
i was wrong .
the wine the service was very good too .
so , the menu is written in chalk above your head and it all sounds delicious .
the highly spiced chai tea was great too .
i have been there many times , and food is good and consistent .
seriously , this is the best all you can eat in town as everyone says , the spicy tuna hand rolls are the best have 4 of these , and you 've broken even .
there is not a single place in chinatown where you have a nice neighborhood feeling like here .
while sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance , and probably has the best decor of any indian restaurant i have been to in new york city , the food was not what i had hoped for .
i would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual atmosphere that whisks you away to the left bank of the river seine .
the meat dishes were only so-so .
his wife tanya , the hostess , completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious .
the menu consisted of standard brassiere food , better then places like balthazar etc .
i have been a longtime fan of holy basil in the east village , and while i do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality , i have been hesitant to be disloyal .
but the best part about ls is the late night atmosphere , delightfully free of the bts .
for an untrendy rip-off eat here .
i ca n't wait to go back .
i hate hate hate this place .
we even had a visit from the manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves .
the staff there is very attentive and down to earth .
you do n't go to mizu for excellent service , you go for the large amounts of food , the amiable atmosphere , and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place .
the service is always bad though , do n't expect much of anything from your server , and i would not recommend bringing a date here either .
monday nights are a bargain at the $ 28 prix fix , this includes a three course meal plus * three * glasses of wine paired with each course .
it took them 15 minutes to put water in our glasses .
the service is descent even when this small place is packed .
this is the best sushi in new york city , hands down .
go hungry and enjoy .
this place is worth an one-hour drive .
great value for the quality ingredients .
the thali was small , thoroughly unremarkable , and $ 1495 .
the sushi is also great !
from the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that i ca n't remember because of the fabulous cakebread cabernet we were drinking - the whole evening was amazing .
truly the mark of an attentive waiter .
the food here is rather good , but only if you like to wait for it .
the staff is very kind and well trained , they 're fast , they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks , they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations .
the makhani was ok -- the korma was bland .
the food is inventive but still keeps traditional indian flavoring .
all i can say is wow !
though the service could be better possibly due to more than one very large group in the house , it is very cordial and warm , as is the general clientele .
the decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the east village , not romantic , just simple , small and sparse .
this is a cute place and could be good but they need to get their act together .
the lox is always fresh too .
sure enough , exactly 30 minutes later we got the call and were seated promptly .
service was very friendly .
food was ok , fish was cooked well .
we actually left hungry and went across the street to wo hop at 15 mott street for some good chinese food .
the whole set up is truly unprofessional and i wish cafe noir would get some good staff , because despite the current one this is a great place .
the service does sometimes lack focus and it is not ideal if you are in a hurry but i have never been treated rudely .
the staff offers impeccable service .
the catch is that you are charged extra for anything that you leave on your plate so do n't be a greedy pig !
we ended our great experience by having gulab jamun ( dessert ) recommended by the waiter .
i went to utsav about a yr ago with my family .
this place does n't compare with mamoun 's in terms of price , freshness , value , and consisent quality , but that 's just my opinion .
i have known about this secret for the last 13 years , emiliothe godfather has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices .
the brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal .
after being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties multiples of 2 and higher seated for 40 minutes , the three of us were squished into a small 2-person table .
and the bill was outragous .
the service was attentive , yet unimposing , the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced .
kind , attentive wait staff .
bon appettite ! !
salads were fantastic .
la rosa waltzes in , and i think they are doing it the best .
skip dessert .
it is simply amazing .
i complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted .
it was like the servers forgot that they actually worked there and instead wanted to hang out and be cool .
i liked this place the first time but doubt i will ever return .
a great way to make some money is to buy a case of snapple from costco and sell it right outside for only $ 250 .
fast service .
skip this restaurant , it 's a big disappointment .
the staff is excellent , specjal , that girl behind the bar , european chic .
stick with the chicken , beef , and lamb dishes .
the service was bad , the food took to forever to come , we sat on the upper level .
we a menu that rearely changes , e xcept for one or two specials , the quality and care they put in thier food in evident .
always full with tourists especially because of it 's close proximity to rockefeller center .
this restaurant is a wonderful place to go many times and it is reasonably priced .
conveniently located too , being right on bedford ave .
my friends and i came across this place while walking in the village .
the only thing the waiters do n't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave .
this place is to be avoided .
stick to dimsum , not super overpriced noodles .
the service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view .
we , there were four of us , arrived at noon , the place was empty , and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude .
at 6 , 30 , we were the third party there .
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere .
i will definetly be going back .
no , really .
the food is good , but very expensive for the casualness of it .
i 've been to naples 45 for dinner twice .
the hot and sour soup was unbearably hot and tasted of only pepper and nothing else .
try sushimi cucumber roll .
the food is delicious .
their wines by the glass are a great accompaniment and you can eat like a king with wine for under $ 30 .
this place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time .
yeah shanghai is also great but not quite as good - they use the same amount of salt but without sweetness to balance out .
believe us , we 've been eating sushi for over 15 yrs .
worth it for a special occasion , or any time !
i recommend to anyone who wants to dress up and impress the lady .
the food is outstanding and the service is quick , friendly and very professional .
the bagels always warm , soft on the inside , crispy on the outside and enormous in size .
been there , done that , and new york , it 's not that big a deal .
definitely a once a year treat that i look forward to around the holidays !
service is fast and friendly .
from an english speaking staff .
a defitely must visit .
my husband and i enjoyed each of the 6 taste size portions and left completely full .
i went here with a friend on a whim , we went someplace else first and could n't get a table .
we all ate pasta entre'es , which were great .
perfect for dates !
the food was boring and expensive .
the ambience is pretty and nice for conversation , so a casual lunch here would probably be best .
terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes .
the service is ok but could be better .
we love the food , drinks , and atmosphere !
i was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever .
i 've ordered from the 2nd ave .
nothing against a good sales call , but the tactics at amma are just too obvious .
went on a 3 day oyster binge , with fish bringing up the closing , and i am so glad this was the place it o trip ended , because it was so great !
took my mom for mother 's day , and the maitre d' was pretty rude .
if the weather is nice , try to snag an outside table .
if you are looking for a good quality , cheap eats , this is the place .
however , for what we spent , overall , it just was not up to par .
the service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual .
a friend from seattle and i went on a thursday night around 8 , 30 .
when i lived upstate for a while i would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else .
i recommend their pad see ew , pork chops or tofu plates .
never in my life did i think that i could be satisfied both in taste and in quantity for $ 300 in nyc .
this is the best secret place in midtown ' , i heard that from the bartender , after having brilliant food try steak with portobello mushrooms and drinks on the bar last tuesday .
the service was excellent , friendly and attentive .
the main course had an average portion , and was decent overall .
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other .
just remember , the later you go , the longer you may have to wait .
waitstaff is great , very attentive .
i live in the neightborhood and am a regular .
the dinner menu is diverse and top-notch as well .
in any event , even though its a bit on the pricey side , we still love this restaurant and will definitely go back .
i definitely will go back .
i do n't like indian food too much and this was delicious , however you want to factor that into the equation .
forget the rush and the wait and the noise which is n't actually that bad , i mean please , who goes to a steakhouse to be coddled and romantic ?
having hunted around for a quiet , romantic , yet not hideously expensive restaurant i stumbled across reviews for la lanterna and gave it a shot .
i wo n't go back unless someone else is footing the bill .
we live in new jersey and whenever we go into new york city we buy bagels to eat hot and then to freeze they told me that if i call in the order , they 'd bring it out to the car so i would n't have to look for parking .
jimmy 's is hands down the hottest night spot in the bronx .
and i would have to agree with the masses in terms of service , delivery is their achilles heel .
my boyfriend and i have been to the minnow four times now and we have consistently been impressed .
the $ 300 bill was a bit steep , but the experience was great .
i would n't mind going back some time , but not before trying others nearby .
i found this restaurant to be one that truly values its patrons .
the calamari comes with an incredible sauce , and the duck noodles are yummy as well .
i would definitely go back - if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard .
for some reason the place was empty when we got in and remained so for the entire evening , i do n't understand why but we had a blast and will definately go back the next time we are in the area .
simple comfort food and what hot and lage portions .
but i just would like to say i read the reviews people left and thats why i checked it out .
stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu , though too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick .
i 've eaten at pizza gruppo a few times , but more often i order delivery .
we did n't get drink refills and she did n't even offer us the option of dessert .
beautiful experience .
the bagels are also reasonably priced for nyc .
if you can handle that , it 's a great place for a business dinner , fun with friends or simply a table for 2 .
decor leaves something to be desired .
jimmy is dominican !
also , specify if you like your food spicy its rather bland if you do n't .
our waiter was fine , the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way , but at those prices , a little more should be expected of your food .
coming from boston this place is like emma 's pizza in kendall square in cambridge although they have more funky toppings !
when my husband and go there , we spend $ 6000 have lobster tails ummmmm need i say more i ca n't say any more , it a place you 'll never forget if you never go , you 'll miss a meal of your life time .
i 've been to this restaurant more than a dozen times and when i 'm craving for pho , lemon grass chicken or beef cube on rice , this is the place to go .
oh yes , and if you are a fan of indian oldies film stars , there are plenty of portraits of indian actors and actresses in classic black white that adorn the walls , some of which , i would love to know where they obtained .
my fish was delicious in an incredible curry sauce .
if you are in search of the most authentic nyc deli experience look no further than the famous and historic katz 's deli down on the lower east side .
even upon delivery , their juicy pork buns are quite good .
this is also where i was from .
everything is for sale in here including the sculptured iron statue on the table .
average to good thai food , but terrible delivery .
the space is nice but when we order our drink we were in for a surprise .
the entire place and the treatment we received felt as a conveyor belt .
joe 's pizza used to have the best slice until this pizzeria opened up .
i in all reality felt as if i had just gotten off air france and was in the 8th district in paris .
i have never had anything like it !
yeah the crowd can take it a bit seriously , but it should n't .
and they provided a delicious dessert on the house !
the food is amazing , rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza .
food was very good , but not what i would consider out of this world .
i had lobster bisque it has 2 oz of maine lobster in it .
i am indian , and i have tried many indian places in ny .
try the pad thai , it 's fabulous and their prices are so cheap !
on a recent saturday night , i was with a group of 5 at the bread bar .
food is great and inexpensive .
the price very reasonable .
dessert , ca n't be missed , so save room ! ! !
it can be a little confusing as to where one goes to order , but once the food is ordered , you are in for a treat .
take a good sense of humor , an american express card with no limit , walk out with a lollipop , gift bag in hand and enough marketing materials for alain to to take the show on the road
it was so bad i actually refused to pay for my food .
i recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys fine cuisine at reasonable prices .
this is , by far , my favorite restaurant in nyc and i only wish it were more affordable so i could go more often !
the pizza and wine were excellent-the service too -- but what really made this place was the backyard dining area .
the frankenstein show was the best .
the waiters are sweet , the food is tasty and the bill is never too large .
as a fan of thai , i have tried quite a few different restaurants in nyc and this one was definitely the worst .
we all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews , i felt there was more than enough food .
the menu may be small , but everything on it is delicious .
they had scrapped the bottom of the vessel in which they make the rice - result , we had large chunks of burnt rice in our serving bowl .
it was divine melts in your mouth .
stumbled upon this gem of a pizza place and i will be going back frequently .
i live a block away and go to patsy 's frequently .
when i visited my friend who lives in the upper eastside , she recommended that we go to this restaurant .
warm , comfortable surroundings , nice appointments witness the etched glass and brickwork separating the dining rooms .
we ran a little late for the reservation but it was n't a problem to get our table immediately .
kudos haru
the well mannered , pleasant staff that tony has in his employ .
the flavors robust and subtle .
i came here for my friend 's birthday and keep coming back ever since .
all i can say is $ 2 pints during happy hour and the some of the cheapest oysters you 'll find in the city , though the quality is some of the best .
we concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake , both were delicious .
i had a grat time at jekyll and hyde !
service here was great , food was fantastic .
its a little out of the way if you do n't live in the neighborhood , but definitely worth the trip from wherever you are .
and we were thouroughly disapointed .
this is the jackel and hideof the restaurants on the ues .
the sauce is delicious and the crust is perfect .
you will pay a lot for the decore , but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other chinese and asian fusion places in ny .
you guys are awesome !
i loved this place ! !
i had the mango chicken and i ca n't go on to tell you how delicious that was and the presentation was beatiful .
i care more about the food and ambience .
oh , but wait , we were out of drinks which were also delightfully overpriced .
avoid at all costs .
i would highly recommend this place to everyone for any occasion !
the service is fantastic .
i recommend that you try this hidden spot which will surely blowup very soon
the garlic mashed potatoes are hands down the best in the city !
food and service was okay .
great for a romantic evening , or a fun evening with friends .
the lamb meat was under-cooked and extrmely chewy .
the best pad thai i 've ever had .
over time , the food quality has decreased substantially , it is a lot less crowded than it used to , and the service must definitely be part of the reason .
great pizza and fantastic service .
we were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date .
the wine list is n't great , and the desserts are shipped in from bruno 's down the street , which is not as good as it used to be .
i ordered a lassi and asked 4 times for it but never got it .
their coffee is quite good too !
great wine list italian , good food , service was initially fine .
despite the fact that the space is large , they 've overcrowded the floor with tables .
i know , you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored , but my agenda is i 'm here to eat and enjoy the company of friends , seeking a pleasant experience .
as far as the service goes , the waitresses were not particularly friendly , but they got the job done .
they are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place , but also become hostile !
i had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish ive requested .
normally that would be improper , however they were all delicious and my host did not complain .
taxan delicious !
perhaps it was an off night , but it was suprisingly average for a 93 rating .
unlike other places in nyc where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple-decker , here you can get what you want in a reasonably-sized portion and price .
restaurant snobs need not bother , this is a small , neighborhood kind of place .
have been dozens of times and never failed to enjoy the experience .
they could n't even make a salad that was appealing .
for two people with tip was less than $ 25 bucks .
killer sushi !
staffs are not that friendly , but the taste covers all .
and i 've been to many nyc delis .
this place is always packed .
plus they made a perfect martini .
i am not sure if i would call the food here indian as it is a fusion of what seems to be french with an indian or exotic touch .
the waiter was attentive .
their margarita is best i 've had since i 've returned from naples !
i highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night .
the tastes makes your mouth water for more .
their sake list was extensive , but we were looking for purple haze , which was n't listed but made for us upon request !
the tables are crammed way too close , the menu is typical of any italian restaurant , and the wine list is simply overpriced .
the food was actually aweful .
after dining at bog over twenty times now , its official ! .
they are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch .
my husband and i both ordered the steak , medium .
furthermore , the rice had no seasoning , so the sushi was bland and disgusting .
the sushi is average and the prices are anything but .
my wife and i also enjoyed the spinach , the shanghai low mein , and other attractions .
owner must have coem on this website to give himself credit .
turned out there was full service upstairs and sat down .
i would go back .
definitely will be back !
several of the dim sum orders had about 6-8 pieces .
i 'm not sure why these other reviewers are whining so much .
they live up to the thai way of living .
if you have a dumpling fetish i suggest you try some here !
three page wine menu , one page entree and horedevous .
the food is consistently wonderful , i 've been coming here for years , and the owner has always been accomodating and friendly .
the waiters and owners were nonchalant about this and promised to call the exterminator but were n't as dismayed or apologetic as i would have expected .
i live nearby and when they first opened , i ate there a lot .
and the food was fantastic .
this is the kind of place you 'd like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret .
if you 're looking for a place to sit down , have a drink and conversations with friends , go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls ( hot ) .
aside from the sea urchin , the chef recommended an assortment of fish including fatty yellow tail , boton shrimp , blue fin torro ( fatty tuna ) , sea eel , etc .
while the room is not particularly comfortable , once you 're seated you 'll forget about everything except what 's on your plate .
i 've lived in nyc all my life and had never before seen so many waterbugs in one place except in a really bad dream .
winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you .
the ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal , but some dishes are quite good , such as the eggplant parmesan , veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca .
my host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered , but some other items that were not ordered .
you can even get packages of the chutneys to stock your fridge !
the bar has various selections and the mixed drink special is a catcher ! 2 for 1 's .
slightly on the pricey side but worth it !
if it is n't for the food a + + + , it must be the service or the ambience .
during the course of the past 3 months , the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better .
i like the ambience , it 's very dark and original .
not the typical nyc gimmick theme restaurant .
we were exploring grand central and did n't want to eat in the food court .
overall , not worth the money .
everything that happened was not even up to mediocre .
our last time there a few weeks ago was early at 5 pm and it was very crowded and noisy .
pick a bagel has the best bagels in the city .
you are paying for the atmosphere , which is nice , but can be had in numerous places in bay ridge .
it 's called gnochi alla nona and is found under chef specials .
it is one the nicest outdoor restaurants i have ever seen in ny -- i am from italy and this place rivals the ones in my country .
yes you have to wait to be seat and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken .
the fried dumplings are great !
this place has the best chinese style bbq ribs in the city .
ive been here so many times the waiters know my name .
the decor is very simple but comfortable .
i 've been frequenting the tasting room since it first arrived in the east village and i 've never been disappointed .
the kamasutra and bombay cosmopolitan are excellent and will have you tipsy in no time .
this is the perfect date spot for williamsburg couples .
the dim sum here is only so-so .
it was raining , and we figured why not ?
$ 6 and there is much tasty food , all of it fresh and continually refilled .
just straight up cheap , good food .
another welcome addition to the neighborhood .
seating is ok even though sometimes there 's alot of people .
this time , i prefer not to go into detail .
even with a relatively inexpensive botle of wine , if you can call $ 7000 inexpensive , the cost is through the roof for better than average fare .
steamed fresh so brought hot hot hot to your table .
my only problem is that you are literally sitting on top of the people next to you !
and affordable .
the staff makes you feel at home , the food is great and the atmosphere is wonderful !
i actually feel like i should keep it a secret .
the food is alright , some stuff is good , some is not like the steak dish which tends to be dry .
not only would i not recommend jimmy 's restaurants to friends , i would strongly suggest they go anywhere but .
they have a very diverse menu so its something for everybody .
as a long-time patron of mamoun 's , i always figured that i had found the best late night food spot in the city .
i drop more dollar bills here than your uncle after a weekend at scores .
go there to relax and feel like your somewhere else .
get the tuna of gari .
it was a very nice surprise .
the staff has been nice , but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often .
i am french and i really felt like home ! ! !
the service was the only thing good about this restaurant .
it 's usually packed for good reason , esp .
i love going there !
service was very prompt but slightly rushed .
great food , great decor , great service .
and , atlhough tables opened up next to us and we asked for a slightly larger space , they left us awkardly seated .
the palak paneer was standard , and i was not a fan of the malai kofta .
i 've dined at alain ducasse 's restaurant in monte carlo for half the price for the same excellent dining experience .
yeah , sometimes the service can be slow .
there was no ambiance .
but trust me it is so worth it .
the perfect spot .
the only weird thing was if we got a bottle , the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price x4 , which makes no sense whatsoever .
they sell special sushi , everything have a topping , sauce and etc .
do not try unless you 're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste .
the place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded , but the service is excellent and it 's great for friends out , a romantic date , or a special occassion .
service was also very good .
i took my girlfriend there for her birthday last night and we had a relaxing , really good meal .
they 're rude at times , and not very friendly .
i 'm happy to have nosh in the neighborhood and the food is very comforting .
good atmosphere , combination of all the hottest music dress cod is relatively strict except on fridays .
they kindly brought us more to see if it was better , but it was not !
love the food .
i would highly recommend nina 's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures .
all the desserts the group tried got favorable reviews .
it 's a nice place to relax and have conversation .
this place has got to be the best japanese restaurant in the new york area .
best reuben sandwich ever !
lucky strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat .
wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well !
i loved it and would go again .
frites were delicious if a bit on the thick side .
so so so so so good !
alone for 100 bucks , it is really overprice .
out of the hundreds of italian restaurants in queens , this is among the best .
very good value
i would recommend putting your name down and then getting a drink at a local bar first though because of the wait time .
i fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of bbq roast pork .
i keep my fingers crossed the whole subway ride hoping that there will be a table i can sit at by myself and not have to share with the rice congee soup people .
overall , the best bagel in town .
it was huge , delicious , fresh , and will be the reason we return .
light , refreshing summer rolls not fried remind me of vietnamese places in paris .
the sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned .
but the service was a bit slow .
spreads and toppings are great , though a bit pricey .
no one asked what was wrong as we left with nothing touched on our plates .
indoor was very cozy and cute .
we had a 3 hour brunch they definitely do not rush you and they kept the unlimited mimosas flowing the whole time .
and their prices are very high , they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service !
they 're terrific ! !
the service was excellent , the food was excellent , but the entire experience was very cool .
the service is good and the resturant is clean .
great spot , whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner .
just stick with the small dishes !
i 've rarely had a problem with slow staff in the 10 years i 've been going .
food is excellent .
this place is a literal hole-in-the-wall that is buried within doyers , right off of pell st barber 's alley in chinatown .
although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great .
we were sorry to check them off our list as we had enjoyed and recommended the place in the past .
both are very reasonably priced around $ 8 for dinner and $ 5 for lunch , and are delicious and filling .
ambience is so cute and quaint , good for business although we were there on vacation .
the portion sizes here are huge , and the sushi is good .
just wish they 'd expand .
my boyfriend ate tuna and it was cooked perfectly !
this was n't the expected menu comprised only of pad thai and tom yum soup , but i thought that was what made the place so special .
good food at the restaurant a bit expensive , but great if you want to impress your date .
i highly recommend caviar russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service .
you ca n't say its cheap because food is cheaper in chinatown .
i have eaten there 3-4 times and the food was always good .
keep up the good work .
i was n't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes , but i guess that 's the price you pay for a popular place .
great eats , good times .
make sure you try this place as often as you can .
grilled whole fish wonderful , great spicing .
for years , i thought tuscan cuisine was the best , but salvatore converted me to the hearty neapolitan fare on my first visit .
plus , when our entrees were held up in the kitchen on a busy saturday night , the owner sent over complimentary summer rolls to hold us over !
try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll .
another plus is most of the entrees are approx .
i will go back to suan soon !
loved it !
the food was delicious , the atmosphere was relaxed , and we have now adopted plate 347 as our secret on second !
from the moment we walked in they were more than accomodating even though the place was packed .
it is loud , hot and dark .
i found the food , service and value exceptional everytime i have been there .
we ate at this thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods .
i am a 100 lb girl , had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner , and i was still hungry after my visit to this place !
the drinks are a saving grace , but service staff , please , get over yourselves .
there is a downside if you 're ordering in - the delivery guys have major attitude .
the all-italian staff is warm and engaging from the start .
village is one of those places that scores on all fronts .
the prices are exceptionally reasonable for food of this caliber .
if you go here , your focus should be the tamarind margaritas .
it is the best hidden spot there and i rave about it to everyone .
the filet mignon dish was superb !
i had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table .
ca n't wait wait for my next visit .
the food is good , i ca n't lie .
i did n't expect to like nosh as much as i did , but the pastrami on challah sandwich i had was otherworldly , the soups are like mom 's , and the knishes give yonah schimmel 's a run for its money .
cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most .
this place is worth going even if only for their beer .
i really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi ( on saffron risotto ! .
the sandwhiches are out-of-this world !
decor is charming .
the food was very well prepared .
really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though .
stay away from this place .
good , because hey , it 's more food , but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap .
while most people can attest to spending over $ 50 on drinks in new york bars and hardly feeling a thing , the drinks here are plentiful and unique .
the food arrived 20 minutes after i called , cold and soggy .
if you go for the pre-theatre menu , it 's an even greater deal .
the one up front will smile and say what can i get for you , brother ?
brava la pizza fresca !
the prices can not be beat for the quality , quantity , freshness and taste .
check it out , it wo n't hurt your stomach or your wallet .
if just to drop in , quickly stuff yourself and jet out - to keep their turn-over .
little tonino 's is just awesome , our favorite delivery place in kennsington , honestly the best gnochi i have ever had !
incredibly poor service an food quality at exorbitant prices .
i have been about 4 times and have always had a great meal .
we usually just get some of the dinner specials and they are very reasonably priced and very tasty .
horrible food and horrible service .
the wine and cheese plate are plentiful and ca n't wait to try the fondue or table grilling .
bleecker st pizza is the best !
i do not recommend the heartland brewery .
their exotic salad is basic ly a delcious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu .
the big complaint , no toasting available .
even if the food was n't this good , the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax .
volare virgins or weekly regulars , everyone gets treated the same and you ca n't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly .
the food came out wrong , the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal .
the chicken and steak were seasoned and cooked to perfection , and the lamb sandwhich is great for heartier appetites .
faan is sooo good .
traditional french decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy , the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation .
consequently , their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did ' nt feel like finishing them .
my son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge !
i really recommend the very simple unda ( egg ) rolls .
i will not be coming here at 3 am again .
this is the only thai place i go too in nyc , it 's wonderful , and live relaxed jazz on certain nights .
we were seated and ignored by waitstaff .
if you are in a big group , this place is perfect because it recomends sharing , they have lazy susans on most tables , even families can feel comfortable here .
they showed up 15 minutes after the tuna melt .
tasty steak , pork loin , the works .
i went with 5 friends and we lingered at the table for a bit and did n't feel rushed at all even though there was a wait .
i went to ruby foos for my birthday and enjoyed our experience there .
i 'd highly recommend it for a special occasion - it provides and intimate setting and nice service .
the burger was great , also .
just because it 's cheap does not mean the portions are small or the food is nasty , it is great !
and everytime i go there 's a bunch of drunk idiots making a scene out front .
i had never had edamame pureed before but i thought it was innovative and tasty could 've used a bit more salt .
however , it 's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth .
when we notified him that he did n't mention the specials , he did n't apologize but let us know that we made a very good decision regardless .
the price was extremely reasonable for the appetizers and food we ate .
do n't dine at tamarind for the vegetarian dishes , they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections .
they need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent .
i 've had to wait only a few times during lunch but this place is definitely worth the wait .
all in all the food was above average and i would return to see how they operate with four or less dinners .
judging from previous posts this used to be a good place , but not any longer .
and cheap !
such nice people working here , but i have to review the food .
the restaurant is dark and not very attractive and then you have spot lights shining on you putting you in the worst light possible , reaching for sunglasses .
try the times square cocktail - ginger lemonade with vodka also available without vodka .
nice find .
veal parmigana , better than patsy 's !
great wine , great food .
the service was mediocre , and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal .
the food and staff always surprise me with the new heights they are taken to .
amazing !
went to ottimo and was expecting outstanding pizza as i love la pizza fresca .
i 've always been seated propmtly .
we try frequenting new restaurants all over the city , but any time that we visit a restaurant other than roth 's we are always disappointed .
there is nothing more pleasant than that .
i would recommend this place to anyone and would without a doubt come again .
however , if you want great food at a great price and do n't mind the decor , you ca n't beat this place .
what makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in nyc that offers authentic chongqing hotpot .
mizu is the japenese find in grammercy .
for sure i will keep coming back because i feel really this restaurant deserves .
our tiny table for two dinner plates hung over edge was right in the middle of one of the lanes of waiter traffic .
sake collection was excellent try nanbu bijin , but pricy .
interesting other dishes for a change include chicken in curry sauc and salmon caserole .
one of my favorite restaurants in the neighborhood .
i have to say that i am pleasantly suprised and i will most likely stop in again if i am in the neighborhood .
ask for usha , the nicest bartender in manhattan .
the service is outstanding and my crab-cake eggs benedict could not have been better .
this is a true gem of the village .
however , i think jeckll and hydes t is one of those places that is fun to do once .
a wonderful place !
please take my advice , go and try this place .
for my birthday and we had an excellent time .
deliveries often take up to an hour and the prices are higher than most other pizzerias in the area .
i went to amma after a friend recommended it .
kind of a small place but i guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids .
we also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them .
please do n't fool us .
i suspect this restaurant is what rao 's would be if it had n't turned exclusive .
the dish had like 6 pieces of beef in it .
strike up a conversation with the attorney next to you , or with the local union worker on the other side .
we were then shooed inside .
we got in line and were served while in line a bannan fritter .
it might have been a little too spicy for my friend , which you can couteract with eat more rice and keeping water on hand .
this place is always very crowded and popular .
appetizers are somewhere around $ 7 each and the main dishes are between $ 11 and $ 16 .
really depends on your luck !
just went here for my girlfriends 23rd bday .
my wife and i went to orsay for valentine 's dinner .
they should have called it mascarpone with chocolate chips-good but a far cry from what the name implies .
a gentleman , maybe the manager , came to our table , and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order .
very different than regular dimsum places .
i have lived in ny for many years and have dined at many restaraunts .
when you enter , you feel like you have entered your mom 's kitchen .
we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant , then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers .
i 've had pizza both times and the caprese salad appetizer .
she lives nearby but had never gone to this establishment thinking that it might be too touristy .
he was terribly thirsty after the meal too .
and when i visit her i make it a point to eat at ino at least once daily if not once for the whole trip .
i was n't there for the half-price saturday night special , but tuesday night .
in fact , it appears he is going to go postal at any moment .
there was a small group of us looking somewhere to eat kinda late on a weeknight and we ended up at pastis .
for meetball night .
if you like the food and the value you get from some of chinatown restaurants , this is not the place for you .
they are opening two more places as i saw a flyer there one in yonkers which is a restraunt and banquet hall and another one in parsipanny new jersey .
want to impress ?
the selection changes frequently but the basic dishes are always available .
get the soup and a nosh ( pastrami sandwich ) for $ 8 and you 're golden .
i grew up on these bagels .
we were told that they were booked solid and no other table was available .
the restaraurant is very small so reservations are a must .
visited there while on vacation and reading the reviews .
a one women show !
you ca n't go wrong here .
at first i was rolling my ideas of yet another french place on the ues .
to my right , the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido , rapido as he tried to clear and re-set a table for six .
in china the phrase for a good restaurant is hot and loud .
after dealing with subpar pizza all over the kensington neighborhood , i 've found little toninos .
i thought this place was totally overrated .
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi .
you wo n't find that anywhere in manhattan .
how do you rate home ?
i went here in the afternoon with a friend .
our first greeting when we entered was the last call is at 10 , 15 .
interior was so so .
i 'm partial to the gnocchi .
i guess the way my friends and i described it was the french colonies .
they were able to squeeze me in at 6 after i called the night before my anniversary for a friday night reservation and told me they 'd treat us well for the occasion .
i visit new green bo when i have money or when i am broke .
note that they do not serve beer , you must bring your own .
we ate outside at haru 's sake bar because haru 's restaurant next door was overflowing .
when we walked in it seemed like it was there for 200 years .
better than the bagel shop on the corner , but not worth going out of your way for , in my opinion .
we shared a bottle of sake , an order of edamames , and she had the sushi plate while i had the sashimi .
i ca n't believe people complain about no cheese sticks ?
but that is highly forgivable .
from the appetizers we ate , the dim sum and other variety of foods , it was impossible to criticize the food .
when we arrived at 6 , 00 pm , the restaurant was practically empty .
each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface , and you get platters of thin sliced meats , various vegeaspect0s , and rice and glass noodles .
i am going to the mid town location next .
chow fun was dry ; pork shu mai was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family .
i/we will never go back to this place again .
i had my eyes on this place , promising myself i will one day give it a try ' .
and i hate to say this but i doubt i 'll ever go back .
the food is very averagethe thai fusion stuff is a bit too sweet , every thing they serve is too sweet here .
the decor is night thobut they really need to clean that vent in the ceilingits quite un-appetizing , and kills your effort to make this place look sleek and modern .
i hang out , and live , in the neighborhood .
the food is decent .
i happen to have a policy that goes along with a little bit of self-respect , which includes not letting a waiter intimidate me , ie make me feel bad asking for trivialities like water , or the check .
well , i did n't find it there , and trust , i have told everyone i can think of about my experience .
quite simply it 's like stepping out of manhattan and into a haven of tranquility .
the food was average to above-average ; the french onion soup filling yet not overly impressive , and the desserts not brilliant in any way .
sit outside in the warm weather ; inside for cozy winter .
very cozy and warm inside .
i 'm not sure where the other reviewers ate but it seems as if we visited two different restaurants because my friends and i all enjoy mizu very much and we 're repeat customers .
tiny dessert was $ 800just plain overpriced for what it is .
try their chef 's specials they are to die for .
the waitress moved our table practically into the bathroom and when we asked to cancel our dinner orders because we did not want to eat sitting on the toilet , we were told no .
then , to top things off , she dropped used silverware on my boyfriend 's jacket and did not stop to apologize or clean the mess that was left on clothes .
such a disappointment .
two complaints their appetizer selection stinks , it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu .
i stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two fridays ago when i was with two friends in town from la .
i asked the chef what he recommends and he asked me if i like uni .
for those of you who do n't know , uni is sea urchin in japanese , which happens to be my favorite .
to sum it up , service varies from good to mediorce , depending on which waiter you get ; generally it is just average ok .
seating is always prompt , though the restaurant does fill up in the evening .
i 've never ordered anything else from their menuthere 's no need to .
the restaurant is cute but not upscale .
i have to highly recommend the lobster roll , not to much mayo ; you can tell it was a fresh lobster .
all the staff is absolutely professional ! !
i sometimes see the waiters do n't have enough knowledge of their dishes .
that is a must , but not every restaurant can do .
it 's boring on the inside , and our sushi was pretty below average the tuna was soggy and the other rolls had no flavor .
fresh restaurant was amazing food was delicious and of course fresh .
the salads are delicious , both refreshing and very spicy .
enjoyed a very nice caesar salad while my wife had arugula and goat cheese very tasty .
and where does patis go wrong ; no where .
you are not eating haut cuisine with subtle hints of whatever but , cassuolet , steake fritte , tripe stew , etc ; simple stuff .
mmmmm it was delicious .
and amazingly cheap .
they tell me they are going to cover the garden in glass for the winter , so i 'm looking forward to going there on a snowy night to enjoy it .
check this place out !
somehow working the italian charm with constant mille grazie does not constitute proper service .
lol
the view is breathtaking the service is top notch the ambiance is wonderfull .
my boyfriend had prime rib it was good .
we did n't want a bottle of bubbly on a weekday so we each got little bottles of korbett it was just enough .
it 's cuz it 's so good you need to taste it ! ! !
all in all we 're already coming up with excuses to go ahead really soon in the next few wks ! ! ! !
the food is amazing especially if you get the chef 's tasting menu and your favourite bottle or two ! of wine from an extensive selection of wines .
everything we had was good or okbut definitely nothing great .
this restaurant was recommended by a localas a matter of fact , he made the reservation for us and said we would not be disappointed ! .
if you go , try the marinara/arrabiatta sauce , the mozzarella en carozza is mmmmmmmm everything is just delicious .
who has room for cheesesticks with the best pizza in nyc !
get the pepperoni , yum , and a family style salad .
this place is pricey , and yes , the food is worth it ; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price .
as a student in nyu i need a place to eat after a hard day of work so usually i just go to any indian restraunt near by .
but ive heard a lot about this for the past 2 yrs and finally decided to eat here .
10
limited menu , no-so-fresh ingredients , thinly-sliced fish , fall-apart rice .
the only things u could really taste are the very salty soy sauce even its low sodium , the vinegar-soaked rice , and the scallion on top of the fish .
the waitstaffs are nice though .
this restaurant is vegetarian ; there are no meat dishes whatsoever .
the asparagus , truffle oil , parmesan bruschetta is a winner !
wine list is extensive without being over-priced .
after dinner the manager grabbed my boyfriend , asked him , where are you frommaybe you do n't know how things work in americaand in the end stormed away almost teareyed yelling that tips are the only thing they survive on .
we did tip , i guess the model/aspect0 just wanted more and complained to the manager .
when asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants , he replied this is not mcdonald 's , every place makes things differently
everything was wonderful ; food , drinks , staff , mileau .
considering we were the last patrons there and it was after the closing time , the waitstaff did not rush us at all and made us feel comfortable and relaxed .
it was $ 14 not really bad for a pound of pastrami-but it did n't have much taste-i 've had better for less elsewhere !
went to cafe spice with 4 of my friends on a saturday night .
we arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly .
the menu has so many fish items and oysters .
we all ordered different entrees so we could share .
the fish was really , really fresh .
we all agreed that mare is one of the best seafood restaurants in new york .
authentic taiwanese food that 's cheap what more could you ask for ? .
calling the place hampton chutney co does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance , but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too .
i will be out with friends and all of a sudden i am hungry and i only crave one thing their pizza .
be sure not to get anything other than bagels ! .
the turkey burgers are scary !
try the pad thai , or sample anything on the appetizer menu 're all delicious .
it is definitely a good spot for snacks and chat .
noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the must !
the food is excellent !
if you 're daring , try the balsamic vinegar over icecream , it 's wonderful !
these are overpriced and you can get better just around the corner ,
1 turnip cakes at the little kiosk on east side of mott st just south of bayard .
2 egg custards and pork buns at either bakery on west side of mott street just south of canal .
the pad se ew chicken was delicious , however the pad thai was far too oily .
the only thing you can do here is walk in and eat but planning an event , especially a small , intimate one , forget about it .
also it 's great to have dinner in a very romantic and confortable place , the service it 's just perfectthey 're so frendly that we never want to live the place ! .
the baked clams octopus we shared as appetizers were the best we 've ever had ! !
the lamb was tender so full of flavor , the dessert was divine ! !
downtown dinner 2002 , prixe fix , appetizers were ok , waiter gave me poor suggestiontry the potato stuff kanish best one .
dessert is a jokedo n't bother .
go there once and oh yesyou will go backyou will .
a classic !
do n't miss bloom 's on your next trip to manhatten .
ravioli was goodbut i have to say that i found everything a bit overpriced .
service , however , was excellentand i liked the setting/atmosphere a lot .
food was just averageif they lowered the prices just a bit , it would be a bigger draw .
the mussles were the fishiest things i 've ever tasted , the seabass was bland , the goat cheese salad was missing the goat cheese , the penne w / chicken had bones in it it was disgusting .
esp during happy hour ! .
my fav was the sassy lassi .
went here last night , nice decor , good service , but the food was surprisingly excellent .
just make sure my ice water is kept full and my tea kettle filled with piping hot tea and that 's all the service i need .
this place we stumbled upon it on labor day weekend .
always good drinks and service is pretty good ;
atmosphere is nice and relaxed too .
a great place to meet up for some food and drinks .
fabulous decor , makes you feel like you 're in a trendy manhattan restaurant , very very good food , cheaply-priced , generally friendly staff , and if you 're a manhattanite , or spend most of your time in manhattan , rice avenue will make you feel at homevery soho/village/upper west side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clienteleall on roosevelt avenue ! .
the atmosphere was mostly of an older crowd , but there were a few groups of mid 20 's / 30 year olds also .
never have i had such dramatic delivery guys a lot of huffing and panting and muttering under breath b/c i live in a walkup who always seem disappointed with their tips .
love the scene first off the place has a character and nice light to itvery fortunate , location wise .
we were 4 and got the family size penne a la vodka which was tremendously gigantic portiona bucket of food literally .
the pasta penne was pretty extra buttery , creamy which means a big task to diggest tasty at first but i would say that i was full with a slice of pizza and 7 to count , pennegot a little moody afterwards cause was stuffedlol .
love al di la
i recommend this place to everyone .
great food .
one of my favorite places in brooklyn .
overpriced and not tasty
the food here was mediocre at best .
there are so many other great places to go to eat and drink this place is not worth it .
tasty dog !
an awesome organic dog , and a conscious eco friendly establishment .
one of the best hot dogs i have ever eaten .
the cypriot restaurant has a lot going for it .
trust me .
run do n't walk .
i was visiting new york city with a friend and we discovered this really warm and inviting restaurant .
we had half/half pizza , mine was eggplant and my friend had the buffalo and it was sooo huge for a small size pizza !
we had fun eating in there , we were there like around 3 am in the morning ! .
will comeback for sure , wish they have it here in la .
excellent food , although the interior could use some help .
i paid just about $ 60 for a good meal , though ,
great sake !
reliable , fresh sushi
my husband and i take out from here 3-4 times a month .
the sashimi is always fresh and the rolls are innovative and delicious .
have never had a problem with service save a missing rice once .
delivery can be spot on or lacking depending on the weather and the day of the week .
delivery guy sometimes get upset if you do n't tip more than 10 % .
we 've found it to be better and fresher than kiku which is comparable in price .
best sushi ever .
this place has ruined me for neighborhood sushi .
creative , consistent , fresh .
excellent sashimi , and the millennium roll is beyond delicious .
not cheap but very yummy .
love it .
very , very nice
the place is a bit hidden away , but once you get there , it 's all worth it .
not only is the food
loved it
the waiter was attentive , the food was delicious and the views of the city were great .
i 'd definitely go back again .
great place to relax and enjoy your dinner
there is something about their atmosphere that makes me come back nearly every week .
place is open till late , no dress code .
good food , my favorite is the seaaspect0 spaghetti .
highly recommended !
my husband and i have been sold on this from the first visit .
the wait staff is very courteous and accomodating .
the space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes , 1 hour , but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food .
there are no negatives to speak of .
the bestt !
my favorite place lol
i love their chicken pasta ca n't remember the name but is sooo good
its alright
im not necessarily fanatical about this place , but it was a fun time for low pirces .
lobster was good , nothing spectacular .
its just a fun place to go , not a five star restaraunt .
i think the pizza is so overrated and was under cooked .
had no flavor and the staff is rude and not attentive .
would never go back
i was n't here for the pizza so i ca n't comment on that yet but what i had was very good .
the service was quick and friendly .
everyone was smiling so that made me feel welcome .
i thought the restaurant was nice and clean .
i ordered the vitello alla marsala and i was pretty impressed .
the veal and the mushrooms were cooked perfectly .
the only downside they only take cash which is ok if you know about it ahead of time .
very immature bartender , did n't know how to make specific drinks , service was so slowwwww , the food was not fresh or warm , waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and werent very attentive to all the customers .
i would never recommend this place to anybody even for a casual dinner .
awesome
the food is always fresh .
overpriced japanese food with mediocre service
chicken teriyaki had tomato or pimentos on top ? ?
food was luke warm .
the waitress was not attentive at all .
i was looking for banana tempura for dessert and they do n't have .
too many other good places to have to settle .
not because you are the four seasons , you are allowed to charge an arm and a leg for a romatic dinner .
the food was excellent as well as service , however , i left the four seasons very dissappointed .
i do not think dinner in manhattan should cost $ 40000 where i am not swept off my feet .
if you do n't like it , i do n't know what to tell you .
the seafood dynamite is also otherworldly .
i 'm not even going to bother to describe it ; it speaks for itself .
favorite sushi in nyc
i have eaten at some of the best sushi joints in nyc nobu , bond street , jewelbako , etc and yamato is my favorite .
an unpretentious spot in park slope , the sushi is consistently good , the service is pleasant , effective and unassuming .
in the summer months , the back garden area is really nice .
the rolls are creative and i have yet to find another sushi place that serves up more inventive yet delicious japanese food .
the dancing , white river and millenium rolls are musts .
so good
i can eat here every day of the week really lol love this place .
gross food , wow -
i ca n't remember the last time i had such gross food in new york .
my quesadilla tasted like it had been made by a three-year old with no sense of proportion or flavor .
and $ 11 for a plate of bland guacamole ?
come on .
do n't get me started on the margaritas , either .
mine tasted like the bartender had forgotten to add the tequila .
really , i find it rather scandalous that such a crappy restaurant attracts such crowds -- this , in the city of a million restaurants , at least 9/10 of which are way better than this one .
save your money and your time and go somewhere else .
oh , and i never write reviews -- i just was so moved by how bad this place was , i felt it was my duty to spread the word .
great indian food !
this place was reccomended to me by a friend .
i noticed alot of indian people eatting there which is a great sign for an indian place !
this is one of my favorite spot , very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .
love their drink menu .
i highly recommend this beautiful place .
nice for one time special occasion .
went for mom 's birthday brunch/lunch .
they honored reservation on sunday afternoon very well .
be aware .
we were offered water for the table but were not told the voss bottles of water were $ 8 a piece .
nice view of river and nyc .
remind me of home .
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm so delicious
a beautifully designed dreamy egyptian restaurant that gets sceney at night .
watch the talented belly dancers as you enjoy delicious baba ganoush that 's more lemony than smoky .
oh , and there 's hookah .
raymond the bartender rocks !
pacifico is a great place to casually hang out .
the drinks are great , especially when made by raymond .
the omlette for brunch is great .
the spinach is fresh , definately not frozen .
a weakness is the chicken in the salads .
it 's just average , just shredded , no seasoning on it .
also , i personally was n't a fan of the portobello and asparagus mole .
overall , decent food at a good price , with friendly people .
decor needs to be upgraded but the food is amazing !
this small astoria souvlaki spot makes what many consider the best gyros in new york .
small , bright , and clean , bz grill stands apart from the usual run of gyro joints , both in astoria and out .
what really makes it shine is the food , which is aggressively seasoned with cyrpriot spices , and all made in-house even the gyro meat and sausages , and made of much higher quality ingredients that might otherwise be expected .
all the various greek and cypriot dishes are excellent , but the gyro is the reason to come -- if you do n't eat one your trip was wasted .
best restaurant in brooklyn
the best !
the veal was incredible last night .
fresh , mind blowing flavors .
this place is a must visit !
skip nathan ' syou can get that at the mallgo to bark .
delicious , creative and fun .
got a date ? go here !
every time i have a special occasion with my boyfriend i have a hard time going anywhere else .
most of the booths allow you to sit next to eachother without looking like that couple .
the food is all shared so we get to order together and eat together .
i 've enjoyed 99 % of the dishes we 've ordered with the only exceptions being the occasional too-authentic-for-me dish i 'm a daring eater but not that daring .
you 'll be ther for every anniversary , birthday , valentines day .
for a fabulous wedding !
my daughter 's wedding reception at water 's edge received the highest compliments from our guests .
everyone raved about the atmosphere elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views and the fabulous food !
service was wonderful ;
everyone was cheerfully cooperative and helpful .
paul , the maitre d ' , was totally professional and always on top of things .
thank you everyone at water 's edge .
ruth , mother of the bride
service ok but unfriendly , filthy bathroom .
the high prices you 're going to pay is for the view not for the food .
the bar drinks were eh , ok to say the least .
the stuff tilapia was horridtasted like cardboard .
we thought the dessert would be better , wrong !
oh speaking of bathroom , the mens bathroom was disgusting .
the floor was wet , the trash can filled with hand towels n all over the floor , no soap , and no hand towels left .
go to son cubano in edgewater nj instead .
good experience
during our trip to nyc , we made reservations to dine in the pool room of the four seasons for their pre-theater menu offering a modified menu for $ 65 pp .
the wine list was extensive , though the staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings .
the bread we received was horrible , rock hard and cold , and the free appetizer of olives was disappointing .
however , our main course was wonderful .
i had fish and my husband had the filet , both of which exceeded our expectations .
when we inquired about ports , the waitress listed off several but did not know taste variations or cost .
not what i would expect for the price and prestige of this location .
all in all , i would return , as it was a beautiful restaurant , but i hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future .
short and sweet , seating is great , it 's romantic , cozy and private .
the boths are not as small as some of the reviews make them out to look they 're perfect for 2 people .
the service was extremely fast and attentivethanks to the service button on your table but i barely understood 1 word when the waiter took our order .
the food was ok and fair nothing to go crazy .
over .
so what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food .
will prob not return but it is a great dinning experience to try atleast once .
impressed .
subtle food and service
noodle pudding is exactly the type of service and food i enjoy .
servers are all different , greg is my favorite .
sometimes tables do n't understand his sense of humor but it 's refreshing to have a server who has personality , professionalism , and respects the privacy of your dinner .
prices are fair across the board for both food and bev .
i go out to eat and like my courses , servers are patient and never rush courses or force another drink .
restaurants in manhattan should try to model food and service after this place .
amazing fresh dogs but best of all endless toppings ! ! !
this place had all the trimmings and i mean all .
peppers , onions , relish , chilli , cheeses , you name it .
amazing fun for hot dog lovers of all ages please do yourself a favor and check this place out ! ! ! !
best dining experience in the west village !
stepping into casa la femme last night was a true experience unlike any other in new york !
highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night i had !
we were drawn into the belly dancing show that captivated the crowd .
great find in the west village !
maggot in the food !
i 've been wanting to go to this place forever and finally got a table .
the menu looked great , and the waiter was very nice , but when the food came , it was average .
nevertheless , i finished my plate , and that 's when i found a maggot in mushroom sauce at the bottom .
i showed it to the manager , and he smilingly apologized and brought us two free desserts but did not ask us what we wanted and so brought the last two desserts we would have asked for .
yes , i ate the food , but i certainly would not have if i had seen the maggot before eating , and i was at this point fairly sick to my stomach .
the manager finally said he would comp the two glasses of wine which cost less than the food , and made it seem like a big concession .
we paid and left because we did n't feel like arguing any more .
i have worked in restaurants and cook a lot , and there is no way a maggot should be able to get into well prepared food .
for a restaurant with such a good reputation and that is usually so packed , there was no reason for such a lack of intelligent customer service .
a fairly late entry into the haute barnyard sweepstakes , flatbush farm is n't in the same league as the blue hills or even the farm on adderlys of the world , but it 's pretty good , albeit with a somewhat dismal setting .
unhygienic
i do not recommend .
i went there 2times .
great place , great value .
the atmosphere is relaxed and casual .
awesome
inexpensive , unassuming , great time !
sushi experience was unbelievable with my fiance .
try it !
very pleased
yamato is an excellent place to go if youre not into sashimi , or if you have friends who doesnt like sushi much .
they have great rolls , the triple color and norwegetan rolls , are awesome and filling .
one special roll and one regular roll is enough to fill you up , but save room for dessert !
they have a delicious banana chocolate dessert , as well as a great green tea tempura .
the appetizers are also delicious !
amazing food .
mazing interior .
great food !
i 've had my fair share of modern japanese and this spot delivers .
the atmosphere was pretty nice but had a bit lacking , which it tries to make up for with a crazy scheme of mirrors .
if you 're into being lost when you 're just five feet from your table then hey , that 's a good thing .
despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go-to for modern japanese food for the foreseeable future .
another review here claimed the pre-fix was $ 29/per person including sake but it is $ 55 per person not including sake .
the chicken lollipop is my favorite , most of the dishes i have to agree with a previous reviewer are quite oily and very spicy , espeically the chilli chicken .
my mom originally introduced me to this place , but even she being indian feels the food can be somewhat over the top spicy and far too oily .
still we keep going back ,
i was speechless by the horrible food .
rather than preparing vegetarian dish , the chef presented me with a plate of steamed vegetables minus sauce , seasoning , or any form or aesthetic presentation .
i was so stunned , and i left the dinner hungry and majorly disappointing .
this place survives on reputation alone .
i will never return .
best in all of nyc
this is the most wonderful restaurant in all of new york city , not just brooklyn .
for 7 years they have put out the most tasty , most delicious food and kept it that way .
never swaying , never a bad meal , never bad service .
i 'm telling you .
you should travel from the bronx to try it .
so delicious ! ! ! ! ! !
patsy 's pizza = true love
my bf and i go to the walk-up counter and order a pie .
in about 12 minutes , the thing is gone .
need i say more ?
great hot dogs .
the hot dogs were juicy and tender inside and had plenty of crunch and snap on the outside .
great toppings definitely a place you need to check out for late night munchies or a mid day boost !
great taste
great , original taste .
for me dishes a little oily , but overall dining experience good .
great food
the flavors are amazing and the value is phenomenal .
be prepared to wait , because the place is pretty tiny .
also , they do not take credit card so come with cash !
even though the place is not beautiful , the food speaks for itself .
best indian chinese in the city , by far !
i have been living in nyc for bit now and i have to say i love to go out and explore the scene .
i came across village underground by accident , now i go there all the time .
the service is amazing , i 've had different waiters and they were all nice , which is a rare thing in nyc .
the dj is awesome , i have been there for my birthday and a bunch of other times with friends and i keep going back .
you can get a table without a reservation if you get there early i they do n't make you by bottles .
which lets face itat times it 's a good thing .
in the end you end up with a fair tab and nothing but a great time ! ! !
everything on the menu is great .
this establishment is the real deal .
wish ny had more of these kind of places , intimate , superb food , homey , top notch all the way around , certainly worth the wait .
there is expensive-but-worth-it and there is expensive-and-wtf ?
this is a twenty-something guy that does n't mind laying down $ 300 for a fine and delicious meal for 2 on special occassions .
but $ 500 for a dinner for two that did n't include wine ?
are you freaking kidding me ?
what you are paying for is the environment and the name .
yes , the place is classy and beautiful , but they most certainly target the uber whealthy not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while .
$ 500 included ,
drinks , 2 glasses of dom perignon at $ 35 each .
starters , kobe beef sashimi .
which of course is not real kobe but wagyu beef .
surprised that a place of this caliber would advertise it as kobe .
a beef consomme .
entrees , vanison steak and bison steak .
vanison was good but not amazing .
bison was quite excellent however .
dessert , pure disaster .
some pineapple covered in a glaze of some kind and some pear tart thing not impressive at all .
i read reviews that called the restaurant too expensive and i thought to myself , but may be it is worth it .
the four seasons has history and it is a sort of landmark of new york city restaurants , but trust me , they will charge you through the nose just so that you can say i 've been to the four seasons restaurant .
i wanted to go there to see if it was worth it and sadly , curiousity got the best of me and i paid dearly for it .
all in all , the food was great except for the dessserts .
the environment is very upscale and you will see a lot of rich guys with trophy wives or just highly paid escorts .
if you are going for the food , it will not be worth it .
yes , it is good , but i 've had better for cheaper .
service was just ok , it is not what you 'd expect for $ 500 .
terrible waste of money scammers .
i agree that dining at casa la femme is like no other dining experience !
but not in a good way .
i literally just got back home after visiting casa la femme and was so offended by my visit felt it necessary to try and warn other diners who value their money and time .
we went to celebrate two birthdays and wanted to do something special and different .
our visit their to say the least , was an unpleasant and costly experience !
and even more so unpleasant because it was so costly for such an unpleasant experience .
we did arrive late for our reservation so i can not complain too much about the wait for a table .
although we were told 10-15 minutes and it was more like 45 minutes .
the place is beautiful !
the hostess was very pleasant .
however , our $ 14 drinks were were horrible !
once we finally got a table , despite indicating we wanted an alla carte menu we were pushed into a table that was only price fixed !
our experience did not ever get any better .
after the 4th time i asked again and the waiter than said after our dinner .
we asked for beverages and never received them .
we asked for sides which the waiter than admitted that he forgot to put in that part of our order .
my chicken was inedible as there were so many fatty lumps which i had to keep spitting out into my napkin .
i would not expect this for a $ 55 dinner .
by the time we finished our dinner we still had not received one beverage nor hooka !
the only beverage we did receive was water in dirty glasses !
to top it all off the main reason we came to your restaurant was for the belly dancers and missed the first show as we were not seated yet and the 2nd belly dancer only danced at two tables in the back of the restaurant and never made it around to the other half of the restaurant .
if it seemed possible to do so while there i would have fought my bill since my dinner portion of my meal was inedible !
i have never left a restaurant feeling as if i was abused , and wasted my hard earned money .
my husbands birthday and my sons was not as it was intended and we drove two hours to spend too much money to be treated terribly ! .
i wish i could be refunded !
i went here for a family birthday dinner .
at first we were a little taken aback , as this seemed to present a problem , although the restaurant looked fairly empty , but they hastily put the table together for us .
the menu is fairly simple without much descriptions .
there was no tap beer that evening , which was a disappointment .
not much of a selection of bottled beer either , we went with brahma .
the appetizers we ordered were served quickly , an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion maybe 3 of each .
the lobster knuckles special of the day were ok , but pretty tasteless .
i believe there were 2 shrimp in the " salt encrusted shrimp " appetizer .
after we ate our appetizers which took all of 8 minutes we ordered another round of brahma 's , and tried to stall a little as we waited for our sixth dinner member .
the waitress appeared and asked us if we wanted to go ahead and order .
we replied that we would like to wait 5 more minutes if that was okay .
she replied well it would be more convenient for us if you ordered now , since you are a larger party , and it might get crowded .
we called the other person who was very close by , and she told us to order for her , so we did .
the food arrived in about 15 minutes .
i had the thai style fried sea bass was very good .
they seemed to continue to rush us along , taking plates without asking if we were done my sister still had her fork in hand .
all in all the food was good , a little on the expensive side , but fresh .
service not the friendliest to our large party !
probably would not go back here .
i lived on 50th st , and wanted indian one day so decided to check this place out .
food was amazing , i love indian food and eat it quite regularly , but i can say this is one of the best i 've had .
very normal indian food , but done really well .
i have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price just chicken tikka masala , no bread of rice , is $ 25 , which i would expect at a upscale indian restaurant but this place does n't have an upscale feel .
i do n't appreciate places or people that try to drive up the bill without the patron 's knowledge so that was a huge turnoff more than the price .
but if you 're prepared to spend some $ and remember to ask if something they offer is complimentary , then this is the place to go for indian food
one of the best
my gf and i dine at bukhara often as she lives near it .
the lunch buffet is expensive but is deff worth it .
we go often for lunch and the place is packed .
we have gone for dinner only a few times but the same great quality and service is given .
wretched and retching
this will be only the third online review i have ever made about a restaurant in my life .
they have all been tonight and they have all been about the same restaurant .
i have never been so disgusted by both food an service .
for starters they delivered us someone else 's order .
however , once i received my predictably mediocre order of what dokebi thinks passes as korean fair , sometimes you have to settle when it 's your only option , i got through about half my kimchee before i found a piece of random lettuce accompanied by a far more disgusting , slimy , clearly bad piece of fish skin .
not one to jump to complaints hence my lack of previous online reviewing , i called the restaurant to give them a heads up that their kitchen might want to check the cleanliness of their prep stations .
my main concern was the sanity of the food that was being sent out to myself and others , but i would be lying is i said that as someone who has worked in restaurants since the age of fifteen i was expecting at least a minimal effort on the part of the restaurant to amend the situation .
none was made so i hung up .
less than three minutes passed before i found myself doubled over the toilet .
my girlfriend , being slightly more aggressive , and having been equally disgusted causing her to throw out the remainder of her barely eaten meal , called back only to be informed that i was probably wrong and that it was most likely an oyster , and that we were also blacklisted from their restaurant .
not only have i worked in restaurants for many years , i am now in culinary school , i am a huge lover of oysters and fish , and my girlfriend is half korean !
we know the difference between and oyster and bad fish .
it was n't as if this restaurant had any major bragging points before hand , but now it 's simply repulsive .
eat at your own risk .
gorgeous place ideal for a romantic dinner
i took my boyfriend for a dinner on saturday night .
i book a gorgeous white organza tent which included a four course prix fix menu which we enjoyed a lot .
the service was spectacular as the waiter knew everything about the menu and his recommendations were amazing !
more williamsburg garbage
my wife and i visited dokebi tonight .
the bibimbap was average , but the stone bowl was n't even close to sizzling .
too bad i had paid an extra $ 2 for the stone bowl .
the nakgi-bokum was horrible .
easily the worst stir-fried squid i 've ever tasted .
the sauce tasted more like chinese fast food than decent korean .
the side dishes were passable , and i did get a refill upon request .
the real problem i had with this place was the complete lack of service .
i mentioned the squid dish was n't very good when the waitress visited .
she just nodded and walked off .
there were no communications issues either , as she spoke perfect english .
as to my comment about the food , no apology or acknowledgment was made .
we were charged full price .
authentic korean food lovers should visit 32nd street , of course .
lives up to the hype
we 've lived around the corner from this place for over a year and finally had dinner there .
we 've tried before but it always packed and does n't take reservations .
it was well worth the wait .
the wife had the risotto which was amazing .
it does n't look appetizing as it 's covered in squid ink and it turns your lips and teeth black , but the taste was phenomenal .
the farro salad and the mashed yukon potatoes were also extremely tasty .
i love margherita pizza , i looove east village pizza
love this place , every time we are in the city this is one of the place we always go .
the crust has a great bite and a good chew , the sauce is light with a nice acidity to it , the salt from the cheese is great , really heightens the flavor of all the other components .
personally i like the margherita pizza better , but they are all good .
this is undoubtedly my favorite modern japanese brasserie that do n't serve sushi , and in my opinion , one of the most romantic restaurants in the city !
if you 're planning to come here , make sure that your date is someone whom you really like since you 'll be ushered to private booths where there will be no people or food watching choose the ones on the ground level that have glass ceilings so you may see the stars in the sky ! .
it 's just you and your date and an occasional cute excuse me before the waiter opens the little curtain to your booth !
my party had the bbe $ 29 fixe prix menu , which was such a wonderful deal since it also came with a flight of sake !
i never used to be a fan of sakes but am lately experimenting with it a lot more and am acquiring a better taste of it .
we started off with a delightful sashimi amuse bouche .
our first course was tuna sashimi with green yuzu sauce .
i picked the grilled black cod as my entree , which i absolutely devoured while someone commented that the grilled salmon dish was better .
the entrees were served with miso soup and rice .
the sake 's complimented the courses very well and is successfully easing me into the sake world .
for desserts , we tried the frozen black sesame mousse interesting but not extraordinary and matcha ( powdered green tea ) and blueberry cheesecake , which was phenomenal .
maybe it was the great company i had friends visiting from philly , yes , it was not a date this time or the super reasonable price point , but i just ca n't say enough good things about this brasserie .
i do n't usually visit the same establishment more than once , what more twice , but i 'll come to zenkichi anytime for a quiet , unhurried and memorable dinner .
terrible would be a compliment !
the service leaves much to be desired , from feeling like you are rushed the place your order , to being ignored the rest of the night .
we paid a fixed pricce but got nothing ! !
they are extremely rude , not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $ 500 for some drinks adn their pita bread !
stay away
great shabu shabu
i go here at least once every other week , particularly when it 's cold !
to be honest we only ever eat the shabu shabu .
but for the shabu shabu , you wo n't find much better in ny .
in fact there is only one i 've tried that even compares shabu tatsu and even then i prefer dokebi .
the meat is fresh , the sauces are great , you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too .
dokebi gives williamsburg the right one-two punch of classic korean food and fusion twists like pork belly tacos .
the hot dogs are good , yes , but the reason to get over here is the fantastic pork croquette sandwich , perfect on its supermarket squishy bun .
the family seafood entree was very good .
the main entree was also very good .
we order a bit of everything on the menu .
price is high but the food is good , so i would come back again .
this place does n't make any sense
just want to warn you all , do n't waste your time and money .
this place has totally weird decor , stairs going up with mirrored walls , i am surprised how no one yet broke their head or fall off the stairs , mirrored walls make you dizzy and delusional .
the food they serve is not comforting , not appetizing and uncooked .
go to japanese sushi place or spanish tapas place , this creation in williamsburg is a misstake .
good food
i went here with my boyfriend for our anniversary .
the food was great and tasty , but the sitting space was too small , i do n't like being cramp in a corner .
i would recommend to ask for a bigger sitting area when you make a reservation if possible
loved it
a coworker and i tried pacifico after work a few fridays and loved it .
the atmosphere was great .
the food we ordered was excellent , although i would n't say the margaritas were anything to write home about .
our waitress was n't mean , but not especially warm or attentive either .
i must say i am surprised by the bad reviews of the restaurant earlier in the year , though .
maybe it has improved since then ?
dumbfoundingly poor
this was , from start to finish , a mind-bogglingly uncomfortable experience .
lexicographers take note , a new and fascinating definition of rudeness is alive and flourishing right here in brooklyn .
the servers at flatbush farm appear to have perfected that ghastly technique of making you feel guilty and ashamed for deigning to attract their attention .
polite acknowledgement is out ;
supercilious scorn is in .
and how many times can you pick up the same perfectly aligned set of napkins , inspect them vapidly and plonk them down in exactly the same place instead of venturing a glance at people who are there to help you make the rent ?
a different server enhanced the fun , dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer which was delicious .
overall the food quality was pretty good , though i hear the salmon is much better when it has n't sat cooling in front of the guest .
at $ 120 for two people , however , this in no way represents value , unless you 're looking to pay by the hour for passive-aggressive torture .
on that scale , it 's a world-beater .
i honestly do n't even know where to begin .
my boyfriend and i are avid restaurant goers , and we are always on the lookout for new places and our friend had recommended flatbush farms .
we arrived and were seated immediately , which made us both happy .
we ordered our appetizers , i ordered the chicken and my boyfriend the salmon .
i took one look at the chicken and i was appalled .
it was served with skin , over a bed of extremely undercooked spinach and mashed potatoes .
my boyfriend asked me if i wanted to switch and eat his salmon instead , while he de-skinned the chicken so that i could enjoy the white meat .
at this point , the waitress comes over and asks us if everything was okay , i was literally so shocked that i was speechless and did n't say anything , and guess what , the waitress walked away .
so , i switch with my boyfriend again to see if maybe i could stomach the meat and spinach again , but the spinach was so undercooked that i just could not bite through it .
i could n't even enjoy the mashed potatoes because it was hidden completely under the chicken and spinach .
i 've had better chicken at bbqs ! ! ! !
so i decide to report back to the waitress because it was completely inedible .
after that she simply took our plates , walked away , came back another twenty minutes later with the bill and the chicken on it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
no desert menu , no apology , nothing ! ! ! ! ! !
this is where it really really gets bad , the manager said , there is absolutely nothing we can do , it 's a matter of taste that she did n't like it , and i can not comp it .
again , no apology , no is there anything else i can get you , no can i get you a drink to make up for it , nothing ! ! ! !
we refused to pay for it because at this point it had nothing to do with the food anymore .
the level of rudeness was preposterous .
the manager came to the table and said we can do what we want , so we paid for what we did enjoy , the drinks and appetizers , and walked out .
i have never ever had such an unpleasant experience .
cirspy crust margherita pizza
we have been there 3 times since last week we alked it by chance first day the manager offerd us the margherita pizza adn we said yes .
it was really good pizza .
the crust was imazingly cooked well and pizza was fully loaded , , ,
you know what i mean all the positives things happening there made mw write this review .
single worst restaurant in manhattan
moving on .
if i could give 0 stars i would do so for this place .
casa la femme is to middle eastern dining what chuckie cheeze is to italian .
the reason there are 4 different results on citysearch for the same place is because they keep trying to start a new thread so they can stock it with positive reviews .
wellthey can run but they ca n't hide .
i live in the west village and i 've been to a lot of restaurants .
it is quite a spectacular scene i 'll give them that .
the decor however seems to be the distraction so you wo n't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 frickin hours to come ! ! ! !
how this place survives the competitive west village market in this economy , or any other for that matter , is beyond me .
great hot dogs !
i 've made the trip out here a few times with a friend who lives nearby i live on uws .
though it 's been crowded most times i 've gone here , bark always delivers on their food .
the hot dogs are top notch , and they 're slamwich is amazing !
going to bark is always worth the train ride , and will make your tongue and belly very happy !
fabulous food , if the front of house staff do n't put you off
we live nearby bfc .
it 's a little out of our price range for dining there except on special occasions , but we 've eaten there 6 times in the last 2 years .
as bfc does n't take reservations you almost always have to wait by the bar , and be abused by the front of house staff until you are seated , which can be over an hour later !
the frizzy retro girl with winged / dame edna glasses will yell at you if you try to order a drink .
i was almost amused by the fact that she was turning away customers at 9 pm on a friday night because she had a bbq to go to that night , wtf ? ?
there 's another girl who i ca n't describe , she is about 5 ' 6 with brown hair , who eavesdrops on your conversation and chimes in , except she only hears the last part of what you said , so her uninvited opinions are often out of context and nothing to do with what you 're * really * talking about .
i 'm a friendly person , so i would n't mind had she not been so nasty and gotten so personal .
again , i 'd be super upset if that were my employee .
considering you will spend at least $ 60 a head , i expect better service .
so , if you 're walking by and thinking about dining , you might want to see who 's going to be seating you first .
maitre-d and get out
my family ate here last weekend .
the food and service were fine , however the maitre-d was incredibly unwelcoming and arrogant .
while finishing our meals which included a high-end bottle of wine , our son 's fiance joined us for a glass of wine and dessert .
this guy refused to seat her and she left , followed shortly by the four of us , but not before i told him that in my 40 years of world travel , including paris , that i had never seen such a display of bad behavior by a frontman in a restaurant .
his response was smug , arrogant , and condescending , totally consistent with his deportment on display all evening .
if you go here , do it on his off-night .
best meal in a long time !
i had the lamb special which was perfect .
my father had the flank steak which was very good , and my mother had the swordfish .
the four seasons restaurant is a great experience .
the food is great and the environment is even better .
highly recommend it !
at first glance this place seems a bit pricey for a hot dog joint , but at bark you do n't just get your average hot dog .
here the hot dog is elevated to the level of a real entree with numerous variations available .
great atmosphere
went to this place this place on a real cold night and needed a quick meal .
i highly recommend the fish tacos , everything else was ok .
cool atmosphere , the fire place in the back really ads to it but needs a bit more heat throughout on a cold night .
poor service and management
do n't go to this place !
appetizers took nearly an hour .
when the main course finally arrived another 45 mins half of our order was missing .
never got an explanation as to what was going on .
the manager was rude and handled the situation extremely poorly .
when we threatened to leave , we were offered a meager discount even though half the order was missing .
on the way out , we heard of other guests complaining about similar issues .
ca n't believe how an expensive nyc restaurant can be so disrespectful to its clients .
what a hassle !
the food is very good , but not outstanding .
there is no way it justifies the accolades it receives , the attitude of the staff or the wait for a table .
on our last visit , they skipped over our name on the list , leaving us waiting an extra hour for a table .
mistakes happen , but they are usually accompanied by an apology , perhaps even a glass of winebut not the grunt that we received from the al di la staff .
without the wait or attitude , i would probably go back , but there are just too many other restaurants in brooklyn that are as good or better and do n't make me jump through hoops .
expensive
i went there after hearing how great it was .
wow .
the bread was stale , the salad was overpriced and empty .
so rude ! ! !
her review is above .
i was one of the people that went for this horrible experience .
the hostess was rude and i got a distinct feeling that they did not want to serve us .
i was shocked that my friends wanted to stay after the waitress said , can i help you and how many are in your party .
what ?
the three of us standing in front of her should have been an indication of how many of us there were .
we did n't look like the other patrons in there so unfortunately i think that may have been part of the problem .
shame on this place for the horrible rude staff and non-existent customer service .
bad staff
i generally like this place .
the food is good .
but the service is horrid !
i was there for brunch recently , and we were tag teamed by a waitress and a waiter .
the waiter delivered our food while holding what appeared to be a plastic bag of garbage in one hand .
i ca n't believe that it was , but please put the bag down before delivering food !
the waitress came to check in on us every few minutes , and began to clear the plates while half of us were still eating a big pet peeve of mine that happens almost everywhere , so i try to ignore it .
i could n't ignore the fact that she reach over the plate of one of my friends , who was in mid bite , to clear the table .
she then put the check down without asking if we were done , and came to check on the bill every two minutes , even though we were one of three occupied tables .
i wish i could like this place more , and i wish someone would retrain the staff .
